,post,subreddit,word_count
0,"Men of reddit, when you jerk into a towel or so, do you have it over you penis all the time while jerking off or only when you cumming? ",0,29
1,How do i get over my ex ,0,7
2,"Men of reddit, when your gf is giving you a hand job, where do you come in? ",0,17
3,Looking at other men ,0,4
4,Why am i unable to feel satisfaction during sexual intercourse? ,0,10
5,My sex life is a disaster ,0,6
6,I met a guy on Hinge and he wants me to fly out to meet him before he visits my city ,0,21
7,My private online university teaching sessions : ,0,7
8,How do you know if the guy I am dating has Asperger's / Autism? ,0,14
9,Men of Reddit: What's the rush in getting married? I broke up with my ex of almost  years due to infidelity just . years ago and he's now married. I find myself left with some lingering trust and commitment issues so the idea of getting that close to someone else so quickly seems so crazy to me. What's the thought process?,0,61
10,What do you think of best friends of the opposite sex? ,0,11
11,This girl I really like gave me an ultimatum ,0,9
12,"Are you more emotional than your partner? How do you be more stable? Im not the stereotypical stoic, cold, and emotionless man often portrayed in media, and I dont think thats a healthy way of living. 
But- I have found that most men I know are often less emotional than their female partners. 

For those of you who are more emotional than your partners, how do you be more stable instead of being all over the place? 

PS
Sorry for the long text.",0,83
13,What do you eat even though you know its gonna wreck your stomach? ,0,13
14,"How do you pull off reverse cowgirl without breaking your penis? Literally what the title says. When i try it, my penis feels as if its bending too much to enter and stay inside compared to normal cowgirl where its upright or bent towards my body. Any tips?",0,48
16,Men of Reddit..Are you Team Godzilla or Team Kong?? ,0,9
17,"Men of Reddit, how do you handle being disrespected? ",0,9
18,"Men of reddit who have fucked a blow-up doll, what did it feel like? I dont want to stick my finger in one to find out, but I always imagined it would feel like a pool floaty without the sharp ridges.",0,41
19,"How do you deal with jerky peeing? You know what Im talking about. Those times, mostly late at night, where you get up for an occasional piss and then BOOM, your body jerks as if someone electrocuted you and now youve got piss everywhere.  Anyone know why this happens and how to stop pissing every where ?",0,57
20,"Men who have or are tutors, profs, teachers, or TAs, have you had feelings for your students/clients? What happened? (Only talking about adults) ",0,23
21,"Potentially hooking up with a girl who has ""emotional baggage"" relating to her ex ",0,14
22,Does any other guys (or gals) feel terrified about about their prospects of finding a relationship? ,0,16
23,What does it mean when a  year old guy calls a  year old girl cute and stone cold? ,0,18
24,Why do some people think that someone who has a racial dating preference outside of their own race is automatically fetishizing that race? ,0,23
25,Embarrassing question ,0,2
26,Is it better to be single and meet different woman or settle with a good girl at age ? ,0,19
27,"Men who have been with many woman, is it better to be single and meet different woman or settle down with a good one at ? ",0,26
28,"Men who hoe around, is it better to be single and meeting different woman or find a great woman at ? ",0,21
29,Am I supposed to be weirded out whilst taking nudes? ,0,10
30,What is your mission statement and how did you decide on what it was going to be? ,0,17
31,What do you think of other men? ,0,7
32,Do you feel that people who don't have Kids are missing out and why ? ,0,15
33,"Men, I just got a girlfriend yesterday. What are some stuffs that I should know? ",0,15
34,Three best friends ,0,3
35,"Honest opinions about self harm, what do you think about it? I would like brutally honest answers.

I am a dude around  years old and i sh (selfharm) by cutting. 
I know it is bad and i want to get out of it. It started as a very unhealthy way of coping with death and it now became the automatic response my brain gives me when i feel too much of anything except happiness. In short, the worst coping mechanism i could use. 

I asked this question because i want to know how other men feel about it. It is a very taboo subject in it of itself but it becomes more weird when i man does it. It is often though that only women do it or that they are the overwhelming majority and it is almost never discussed between men. As i said before i would like honest answers and if you can then explain why you feel that why about it.",0,164
36,My boyfriend (M) came clean today about going through my (F) cell phone ,0,13
37,How to talk to my boyfriend about him never putting in effort to see me My boyfriend (m) and I (f) have been dating  months. We see each other  maybe twice a week and its always me asking him when hes free. If I didnt ask him to spend time together Im sure wed never see each other. He always makes time to go fishing or see his friends. How do I talk to him about this without it coming across as clingy girlfriend,0,84
38,"Men of reddit, have you ever wanted to be a woman ",0,11
39,Why do you think the physical attraction to someone extremely physically attractive makes it so difficult to get over that person you were romantically interested but cut off contact with because they weren't a good romantic partner for you? ,0,39
40,"Older men, do you regret being overly ambitious in your twenties? ",0,11
41,"How to start working out if u and ur body are real beginners in terms of strength &amp; fitness? I'm  and have a badly shaped body, with no core strength, no muscle growth and a really big belly. I tried hitting gym once but, as I said there is no muscle growth and everywhere it's just fat and skin, it was very painful and horrible experience. How can I start from the beginning?",0,73
42,"How hard would you try to make it work with the best sex of your life? I am someone's best sex of their life. I get to say that and it makes me happy because he's mine too.

&amp;#xB;

I (F) met him (M) five years ago. I don't believe in love at first sight but it felt really freaking close. I slept with him (which isn't something I ever do, except for him) and that night was the best night of his life *until* last weekend. We spent an incredible night together, talking, dancing, cuddling, fucking, sharing music, it was amazing. He said no one comes close to what I do to him. I feel the exact same fucking way about him.

&amp;#xB;

One problem is that we've never really been a thing thing. We've had these crushes on each other all the time. We've both dated other people -  years ago, he cheated on his almost  year LTR GF with me. They broke up, he went MIA, and then I dated someone else seriously for a while. We talked about that last weekend too. I didn't know she was still in the picture when that night happened and he disappeared because he couldn't help resenting me (maybe still does, unclear?) for their breakup. She had found some of my clothing at his apartment, that's when they broke up.

&amp;#xB;

The second problem is that I'm a student and I still have a year and a half left to go. He's home in NY and I'm in Michigan for the semester. In the summer, I'll be in DC. And I'm supposed to go back to DC after graduation too (that's something I *think* I can change though, my job has an office in NY that does the same work).

&amp;#xB;

The night I met him, I genuinely thought this man was my soulmate. I felt something I had never felt before. I still feel it. He says that I'm ""dangerous"" because he can't shake me. And he didn't know until last weekend, that I ever had real feelings for him. He says he's interested in getting to know me - that I should talk to him and it doesn't only have to be when we're horny (that made me laugh).

&amp;#xB;

I think we're going to try to build a friendship over zoom. I think to see if we're compatible outside a bedroom. Which I'm extremely nervous about. He loves sports, he works in sports, and I don't keep up. I work with pharma and love medicine. We listen to different music (although we shared last weekend and it was incredible). We watch different shows and we read different books. 

&amp;#xB;

How do I do this? It must sound nuts but he might be the one. I hope he is.

I don't know if I'm living a pipe dream to think we could maybe end up together. I know I'm counting eggs before they're hatched but for me, sex is so important. It's crucial. I want to be with the man who can things to me that no one else has ever been able to. I want to be with him.

TLDR: I and another man are each other's best sex ever. I am in a weird kind of love with him. I don't know how he feels other than he has some interest in getting to know me outside of sex. I don't know if I'm an outlier for making sex such a priority either.

&amp;#xB;

So, my question is: how much work are people willing to put in to make something work just for the sake of sex? Assuming the other person is not toxic and is a normal, good, nice human being.",0,626
43,"If you guys are dating somebody, does that indicate you're in a relationship? ",0,13
44,Have you ever had a vasectomy fail? ,0,7
45,"Does anyone else find it really hard to get over someone you stopped dating or someone you were interested in, just because they are extremely attractive? ",0,26
46,Men of Reddit: what is your go-to way to blow off steam/stress when you feel that primal anger feeling? ,0,19
47,Seeking advice from someone who has dealt with a older women. ,0,11
48,"Men, what do you look for in a partner? What traits do you like to see before you'd get involved? Can be general or specific and doesn't have to be for a long term partner.",0,35
49,"Guys what would you do if you were in my position? So I was talking to this girl and she invited me to goto the mall with her. I did, had fun did shit etc. (It was me her, and her friend) Anyways she is trying on some clothes and changes in front of me/ her friend a couple of times. After that we talk a little more and I mention how I'd be down to hang out tomorrow and get high because my parents are away. She seems up for it. Later on we goto her house. We end up watching tv on her bed for about  mins before she decides we should go and talk with her friend and her sister. This is where I think I might have fucked up. After this we talk and do whatever and she starts to talk to me and her friend about her ex boyfriend and how he wants to get back together. Of course I say no (also cuss hes a rapists) Anyways do you think shes into me? Or just a friend? I'm pretty romantically clueless when it comes to that stuff so any and all advice is appreciated.

(Obligatory both )",0,203
50,Married/Engaged Men of Reddit : Did you really want to do it or did you do it only to please your S/O? ,0,22
51,"How do you deal with hair and emotions as you age? Im . Ive always been hairy but over the last year Ive noticed my body hair grows back substantially faster after trimming. Im growing hair in new places for the first time (all over my back, back of my neck, shoulders etc.). 

I always feel aggressive, hangry, moody, horny (fap daily), irritable, compulsive, unable to concentrate and like I need to do some heavy lifting. My testosterone is over .

My sleep has always been poor my whole life so that hasnt changed. My diet is clean and I drink a gallon of water per day. 

I have heard you get hair in places as you get older such as nose and ears.

Anyone have similar experiences?",0,128
52,"Dealing with high testosterone, hair and wild emotions? ",0,8
53,Anyone else just feel like they don't really want to date? ,0,11
54,Any one else feeling themselves losing interest in dating? ,0,9
55,Can you career shop? ,0,4
56,"Men of Reddit, my new guy has a smaller than average penis, how do I make him feel comfortable and confident with me? Basically the title. I have no problem with it and I love him dearly. We were friends way before dating and sex is great. I can tell he's a bit self conscious and sometimes he makes jokes about it which I just gloss over - not sure if that's the best decision to make there.

I just want him to not worry about it and be confident because he's perfect and knows how to use it and most of all makes me happy. I wouldn't trade him or his penis for anything else.",0,116
57,"Ex-athlete body falling apart; how to deal? Im not that old (maybe for the internet, but not real life. Less than  still), but I feel twice my age physically. Ive played sports my whole life, everything from baseball to MMA, and was actively competing in SOMETHING from age  till early s, but I think the miles have finally caught up to me. Im having a really hard time making some sort of peace with it

Ive got a hip that ranges from achy on good days to I can hardly walk on bad days, Im almost certain Ive got arthritis in my hands. I cant sleep on my left side because it makes my shoulder hurt, if I sleep on my back I wake myself up snoring from having my nose broken so many times*. I used to lift weights and flip tires and all that shit, now Ive got a bag of stretch bands that I carry around with me, maybe do some push ups and stuff too but thats about all I can handle with any sort of regularity

What the hell? How am I supposed to go another  years feeling like a rusted out hot rod stuck in a barn? Anybody else been through something similar? Thanks 

*Ive seen some older guys posting here, you know that Bobby Bare song The Winner? Thats me in a nutshell lol",0,231
58,What was it like meeting your significant other's family for the first time? Finally found my forever girl and she nervous about me meeting her pretty religious El Salvadorian/Honduran family for the first time. What are some of y'all's experiences meeting possible future in-laws?,0,44
59,best guys solo sex toy besides fleshlight ,0,7
60,"Do you ever hide your emotions? Why? Im feeling a bit weak right now and was just wondering if you men ever feel really down and reach a point where you cant hold it in anymore? My whole life I was taught that I cant let things get to me because Im a man, but nowadays thats becoming very difficult.",0,60
61,How did you figure out what you were meant to be doing in life? What are your main values that give you direction and purpose? ,0,25
62,How often do you cry? ,0,5
63,What are the pros and cons of having a huge dick? ,0,11
64,Does having a racial dating preference out side of your own race automatically mean you have a fetish? ,0,18
65,Men of Reddit: did you notice any of these changes as you got older? Hairier and more aggressive? ,0,18
66,Redheads?? ,0,1
67,"Men of Reddit, what do you do to kill some time when your SO is running late on your date? ",0,20
68,Do any of you guys also randomly get an ache in the lads for no apparent reason? ,0,17
69,taco ,0,1
70,What kind of things attract you to a woman other than her looks ? ,0,14
71,Guys confuse me??? They always seem to lose interest ,0,9
72,Single guys with no friends how do you have fun? ,0,10
73,"How do I (M) say this in a more effective, concise, and short way? &gt;Hey, I know Saturday night wasnt exactly how we planned it. I hope you're feeling better, and that things are going alright. Would you be willing to give hanging out another shot?

Context: she's a female friend who I want to strengthen my friendship with, I'm not interested in anything romantic, just a strong and healthy friendship. She drunk-texted a guy she likes, and this led to our first time meeting up and hanging out not going well at all, because she was understandably too focused on and worried about it.",0,105
74,What's your pro tip for hot weather? ,0,7
75,Where do you like to be touched? In Both sexual and non sexual places.,0,14
76,"Is the ""hero instinct"" a way to manipulate men? What is the female equivalent? If some woman was intentionally triggering your hero instinct to gain favors and build affection, is that manipulation? How do you spot this when in a relationship? What is the equivalent of the male ""hero instinct"" in women?",0,52
77,Men if reddit: what are your thoughts about receiving flowers? ,0,10
78,What are some survival tips and tricks that everyone should know as they might come in handy? ,0,17
79,Ask Men: Stuff like this can potentially mean a guy is into a girl. At least I hope. ,0,18
80,How can I fix my leg hair? The hair on my legs is fine but the outward sides both have really thin hair that is sharp. Any way to fix this?,0,31
81,men of reddit why is it so hard to stop jerking off? ,0,12
82,What's your definition of feminine women? ,0,6
83,men how often would you say you cum? why do you do this? ,0,13
84,Anyone else have a wife that constantly berates you and puts you down? ,0,13
85,men of reddit: how often do you masturbate? why do you masturbate? ,0,12
86,how often do you masturbate and why do you masturbate? ,0,10
87,men of reddit how often do you masturbate and why? ,0,10
88,"Girlfriend( F) says she wants a YEAR break to see that I (M) can change, What do I do in terms of contact. ",0,23
89,"When you pee, do you unbuckle your pants and pull down your boxers or do you pull down your pant zipper and use the boxer opening? ",0,26
90,"On a scale of existential crisis to living the dream, hows life going? ",0,13
91,I acted like a jerk. How can I get him to forgive me? ,0,13
92,My ex gf cheated on me and is showing no remorse? ,0,11
93,I really would like to know what men are looking for when they decide to give women money. Do they give women money who make them feel valued? Feel important? Powerful? Out of sympathy? Im curious to know at what point do men feel the need to pull out their wallets.,0,51
94,NOT A JOKE. Is it a good Idea to put after shave on after you manscape? I'm really curious. ,0,19
95,"When your wife/ long term partner is on her period, do you receive any non-intercourse sexual activity? ",0,17
96,"Men, are you afraid of walking alone outside at night? Why or why not? ",0,14
97,Would you want a sincere apology from ex or for them to continue to leave you alone? ,0,17
98,Whats something thats typically feminine that youd like to see neutralized among all genders? ,0,14
99,How would you feel if your girlfriend said i love you for the first time over text? ,0,17
0,The toothbrush... ,0,2
1,Finding long-term commitment to jobs? ,0,5
2,"Men (and women on this sub too), how did you land on a skincare routine and what kinds of products do you use for different stuff? I am a  year old guy who skated by too long just using soap or anti-acne stuff as a teen and early -something and drying the heck out of my skin to the point where I get some bad flaky patches in my temples and general irritation everywhere else and now I'm looking to take better care of my skin. How did you get a skin care regime together and what kinds of stuff should I be on the lookout for? My skin is low side of medium oily and I'd like to hydrate it better than I have been.

I'm totally starting out in terms of product and vocabulary knowledge so any advice you have is great.

Side note: if you got recs about beard care, I'm all for that too!",0,158
3,If you say you like a women ,0,7
4,"Was anyone lost at , what did you do? I feel like I've accomplished nothing and have no motivation just don't know what I wanna do, the future seems so bleak, I don't wanna be working  Hrs in a job I hate that could give two shits about me to buy a house and keep my future kids decked out in GAP clothes",0,63
5,Why do you all think young men can fall into beliefs such as MGTOW and Ince*lism ,0,16
6,How do you get your porn? ,0,6
7,Puberty talk ,0,2
8,Who to invite to your bachelor party? ,0,7
9,"How Do You Feel When Your GF Gains Weight? 
Does it make you men of Reddit feel grossed out or disappointed if your girl gains weight?  Does it matter if shes making effort to be healthy or not?

Thanks for your input!",0,42
10,"How would you respond if a date went just average, but they texted you and asked to go on another one? ",0,21
11,"If a date went just average but the girl texted you and asked for another, would you give it another shot? ",0,21
12,How Do You Feel if Your GF Gains Weight? ,0,9
13,"Men whose partners have been with you since you were financially unstable to now being successful (or even rich), did you ever have to rely on your partner financially and how have you appreciated your partner for staying by your side through thick and thin? ",0,45
14,where is the riskiest place you have crank? ,0,8
15,"When you were , did you really care about what you ate? I lost weight and it changed the way I look at food and people around me say like youre only , you can whatever you want. But I came from being obese, I have big appetite if I let myself out of control, I would gain it back. Now I feel isolated.",0,64
16,"[Serious] Men whose partners have been with you since you were financially unstable to now being successful (or even rich), did you ever have to rely on your partner financially and how have you appreciated your partner for staying by your side through thick and thin? ",0,46
17,"Men of Reddit, were the girls you hooked up with generally more attractive than the girls you were in a relationship with? ",0,22
18,Getting back into shape ( y/o male) could use some help ,0,11
19,Any tips on shaving your crotch for the first time? ,0,10
20,My online shop for cheaper tee: ,0,6
21,"At what age did you fellas start to really feel the need for a relationship? Recently, more than ever, I've been thinking about how much I want to have a wife, and often find myself just day dreaming about what I imagine normal life might be with someone, and it's making me feel really lonely. Even watching a film or something with an element of romance in just sort of hurts because it feels so far away.

From what I remember I started to feel a bit like this since maybe age , but it's gradually increased, and now I'm at the point where it's really dragging me down.

I've (M) never been in a relationship, and don't see myself being in a position to be in one for a good few years due to religious beliefs and also my educational/career life.

But yeah I just wanted to know if/when you guys started to feel like this and if it's normal, and how you dealt with it all. 

I hope you have the best day possible.",0,176
22,"How many married guys out there use their wifes pics over porn? 

I prefer my wifes pics over porn any day! Just curious as to how common this is? Im open for discussion about it!",0,35
23,Thoughts on Age Gaps? ,0,4
24,Any advice for a man that works with only women? ,0,10
25,"What are some weird patterns you've noticed in your life? I noticed I have a streak of dating bisexual girls

I also noticed that everytime I move to a new school, class or workplace, it's like interacting with the same people with a few minor differences almost, the resemblances are so uncanny 


Also, every time I leave a drive thru restaurant, it seems like a line always forms or is in the process of forming shortly after I leave the drive thru. Without fail.

What about you guys?",0,88
26,"Men who used to be incels/nice guys, how did you get out of that way of thinking? How did you become that way in the first place? ",0,27
27,"For those you who have watch or read it, whats the silliest hentai plot youve come across? ",0,17
28,Emotionally shuting me out ,0,4
29,"Hey people of Reddit, for those of you who have lost their mother as a teenager.. how did this affect you during your teenage years and later on in life?? ",0,30
30,"Men who dated casually / had serial hookups and enjoyed that lifestyle into their s, and then found love and were happy being monogamous: How did it happen? Was it intentional or a surprise? I fit this description and cant imagine being with just one person for more than a year. I want a family eventually and to love someone long term but its hard to imagine the change in lifestyle because Ive been dating casually for so long (with intermittent relationships). Its starting to weigh on me. Any tips from someone whos experienced this? Thanks so much.",0,98
31,"How do I respond to the eggplant emoji in a random text from a girl? Hey all,
Just was chilling as usual on a Saturday night minding my business and then out of nowhere this girl (whom I knew in high school but now dont keep in much contact) sent my the eggplant emoji and nothing else in the text message.
The short convo went like this:

Girl:  
Me: hello?  
Girl: ahaha it was a game Im sorry
Girl: hope youre having a great night
Me: yeah you too  
Me: what game?
Girl: its called for the girls lmao

Do I go ahead and take this as a hint of some kind? I dont know anything about the game but I feel like it was some kind of truth or dare kind of thing.

Some other background info about the situation:

We were both in the HS
We were both on the track&amp;field and bowling teams.
One time in October of Jr. Year I asked her to go to homecoming with me because my friends kind of hyped me up about it. She said she totally would have said yes but she already had made plans with a group of girls (this was true). We both ended up dating different people Sr. Year. 
She sent me a Happy Birthday message for my most recent birthday so I did the same for her.
Have had a crush on this girl since almost th grade but it fizzled away during high school.

Am I just making too big a deal out of this? Or should I just shoot my shot?
And I wonder why she chose me out of all people and friends she has/had to send me the emoji - was she supposed to send it to her crush? And random person? 

I know you guys will set me straight. I appreciate it fellas.",0,313
32,"Any advice for a man that works at a job with only women? It seems surface level, but I feel weird everytime I go to work ",0,26
33,"How do you store your beard trimmer/electric razor? How do you store your beard trimmer/electric razor, attachments, power supply, etc.? I have a bathroom closet I keep them in. I rinse them off after use, but, as you know, hair still finds its way onto the shelf. Also, its just unorganized. I have other plastic containers from Walmart that I use for medicine and a bunch of other junk. May pick some bigger ones up to catch the hair and contain the mess, but I want to hear your answers first.",0,91
34,How do you know if youre in the friend zone or if hes just shy? ,0,15
35,What do you dread about getting older? For me its the obsession with food. My older more mature guy friends (married and kids) only post and talk about food they eat or cook. Like all the time. I knew them before they were this way. They used to be into cool shit like me. But now they are always just posting shit about tacos and steak. Like is this an inevitable part of the male experience? I dread the day i am so fascinated but what i plan to cook for a random thursday night dinner. What do you guys see from your older friends which you dread happening to you?,0,111
36,"Always wondered, people say wearing tight pants is bad for fertility, especially if you dont masturbate. Is this true and is it likely to affect anything? ",0,26
37,Would you date a girl who has an only fans? ,0,10
38,I am the only man at my job ,0,8
39,Why puberty suck's?  Men of Reddit : Why puberty suck's,0,10
40,Men of Reddit: Would you be comfortable to pay for everything in a relationship if you can afford it and money is not the issue? Why yes? Why not? ,0,29
41,"What can I do to stop viewing my sexuality as dangerous, shameful, and predatory? M Hello, so Im gonna try to keep this short. Long story short after a few negative experiences when I was a preteen, and years of being told that men use women and only want sex, I unintentionally repressed myself. Its gotten better but I still feel like Im doing something horribly wrong when I think of a women in that way, or if I even try to imply I do. I went as far as avoiding girls for years out of fear theyd think I found them sexually attractive and therefore I was some creepy pervert.

Years later, Im still unconsciously plagued by this and its preventing me from initiating intimacy with my girlfriend as a result. These feelings are mostly gone (I no longer avoid women and act normally lol) but when a sexual situation arises I still freeze up and feel shameful. Any advice?",0,161
42,"Men of Reddit Who have no interest in sports: do you feel like you were born with something missing? Have you figured out how to relate to other men around sports, and if so, how? My dad died when I was young, and even though my mom tried to get my brothers and I involved in sports, it usually ended up in humiliation from a complete ignorance of how the sport was played. Turns out that even in the early years, they expect you to know how to play baseball and football when you join the team.

I understand most sports at a technical level, and enjoy the experience of attending life games, but I have zero interest in following teams, memorizing stats, or Engaging it as anything other than a way to be around other guys. Ive always felt like I was missing some gene or something; that there was something wrong with me because I just cant get excited about sports. At parties the conversation inevitably turns to sports, and I stand around like an idiot, grinning stupidly because I really have no idea whats going on and have nothing to contribute.

Have you figured out how to deal with this? What do you do? I love my guy friends, and Im envious of their excitement and knowledge of players and the games, but I have no real interest in tackling it myself. Should I just try to learn some rudimentary stats and players so I can fit in?",0,251
43,"Men who live alone, how you're dealing with feelings of loneliness and emptiness during quarentine? It has been almost a year of quarentine already. And for most of the past year I was working, so I usually dealt with people, but I haven't been working since October (my contract with the company expired), and I've never felt so lonely in my entire life. And, maybe to make things worse, I live alone, so it has been some time since I sat with someone, had a chat and laugh.",0,88
44,"How do I (M) say this in way that'll sound short, sweet, and simple? How do I best shorten the following to make it flow better and to make it sound less needy but still get my points across?

&gt;Hey, I just wanted to let you know that I had a great time tonight, and I hope everything goes alright. Maybe we can get together again some time when you're feeling better? Maybe we can go ice fishing, haha?",0,79
45,What would be a massive turn off for you on a first date with a woman? ,0,16
46,"What do you wear when you go to sleep for the night ? Me I either sleep in naked or in my boxers,how about you ?",0,26
47,Why is he showing me to his friends? ,0,8
48,"When jerking off where do you cum ? If Im jerking off at night Ill cum on the pair of boxers Im wearing then chuck it in the hamper since Im done with them for the day anyway,if during the day Ill usually use toilet paper or just bust my nut right into the toilet or the odd rare time Ill just pull up my boxers and jeans and let the cum dry naturally.",0,74
49,When does life get better? Or should I just end it now,0,12
50,"What are some good ways of handling being stood up? I just recently started out on tinder and have a lot of matches but most women just use it for validation or don't really respond. The few that have are cool. Set up a date and she was pretty excited. Fast forward to tonight and I got hit with that, ""I forgot.""

Gents im just asking for healthy ways to cope with it. I've got a  pack next to me for good measure.",0,83
51,People keep assuming I'm a girl ,0,6
52,"Men of Reddit, how do view a woman who chooses trust? For most people, I take the House MD approach- everyone lies a little bit. Most of the time it is harmless, and I will accept what Im told, if not the reason for why it is without question. 
This one man I have known for several years now, and he asserts he does not lie as a policy. Ive seen him say hard truths, and I believe him. 
I feel a little foolish sometimes, because I realize in my head I am going but X doesnt lie as a final statement to move on from whatever Im ruminating on. He is the only one this actually works for, and it is bizarre. I trust him.
Men, is a woman who accepts you at your word always someone you view as foolish? Childish? Do you expect some level of skepticism from females in your life? or is that something you always actively work to reduce in a relationship/friendship?",0,168
53,Is it possible for there to be an underground tunnel to my basement from the neighbours basement? ,0,17
54,"If you had the choice what mentality and life would you have chosen and why - gladiator, warrior monk or viking?. ",0,21
55,"I've lost myself in my relationship. Feel like something is up with him but can't prove it. Either way, I want to gain back control and my confidence. Help? ",0,29
56,"As a  year old, is drinking something I should really look forward to? ",0,13
57,Why do men tend to block someone whenever theyre called out on their BS? ,0,14
60,Why are men who into redheads so openly weird about it? ,0,11
61,How do you try to rekindle a relatiomship after things ended on amicable terms? ,0,14
62,Have you rekindled a relationship in the past? How did you do it? ,0,13
63,What is something that you wish was an actual product you could use that would make your everyday life all the more easier? ,0,23
64,Cheese steak debate ,0,3
65,"Advice for how to be attracted to women? I don't know if I'm alone in saying this but I think women are not attractive in the slightest. I don't mean that I think women are ugly, just that I am not sexually attracted to them. I can acknowledge when a woman is good looking but the thought of having sex with a woman makes me gag. Vaginas look like cut open pieces of meat and the though of putting my penis in one is repulsive. Boobs are just giant sacks of old milk hanging off of a woman's chest and I am not attracted to sacks of milk. I don't know if you all feel this way too or if I'm alone in thinking this. Maybe if you guys explained why they are attractive that would help me be attracted to them.",0,142
66,Could you guys help me be attracted to women? ,0,9
67,Does your ideal type fit the toxic beauty standards of today? ,0,11
68,"Advice for how to be attracted to women? I don't know if I'm alone in saying this but I think women are not attractive in the slightest. I don't mean that I think women are ugly, just that I am not sexually attracted to them. I can acknowledge when a woman is good looking but the thought of having sex with a woman makes me gag. Vaginas look like cut open pieces of meat and the though of putting my penis in one is repulsive. Boobs are just giant sacks of old milk hanging off of a woman's chest and I am not attracted to sacks of milk. I don't know if you all feel this way too or if I'm alone in thinking this. I was thinking that maybe if you guys explained why they are attractive that would help me be attracted to them.",0,146
69,Married guys what the one thing you wish your wife would do more of? ,0,14
70,Is anyone else not attracted to women? ,0,7
71,"Children of divorce, how did it affect you? My (M) parents had a long and arduous divorce battle when I was ~-. This battle was fought most commonly at home well within the earshot of myself and younger brother who I tried to shield.

I credit this (not solely but majorly) with my negativity and first strike personality - something I continue to work very hard at to correct. I still have trouble being vulnerable and getting into relationships as I believe my emotional switch has been muted significantly, if not turned off all together, at least for the time being.

How did your parents divorce affect you? Has it made you stronger? What did you do to overcome the negative effects of it?

Toodles",0,125
72,"What Parts of Your Body do You Wash? All/some: (please list body parts)

Frequency: Daily/Weekly?

Method: With a hand, bar of soap, wash cloth, or loofa?

Lastly, I am just curious to understand why/reasoning behind each choice.",0,37
73,"Where to meet friends as a  year old guy? I just moved and know absolutely nobody. It's pretty hard sometimes. I need a friend group, it's lonely out here tbh",0,30
74,What kind of dirty-talk do you like to hear? ,0,9
75,What has been your experience living with a platonic female roommate? ,0,11
76,Anyone have a sibling who is the favourite? ,0,8
77,"Ok fellow Reddit men (and women if you are lurking as well): What is the best newer movie (not TV series) have you seen recently ? I want to watch a damn good movie on this Saturday night. Life has been giving me a hard time and I want to escape and just forget about shit. Give me a great movie that you really really liked that is newer please ! When I say ""newer"", lets just say any movie from - for the sake of having parameters for this post.


Thanks a bunch !",0,95
78,what do you make of this situation? (details inside) ,0,9
79,"How much do men judge women based off social media? This is a interesting question. I know a lot or women judge other women. But I do wonder how judgemental men are. 

Is that something men really care about?",0,39
80,Men of Reddit: When is a woman flirting according to you? ,0,11
81,Is my math correct? (renting estate) ,0,6
82,Men: Who else shaves their face in the shower? ,0,9
83,"What are foolproof tips for the fristdate? Tips to impress a girl on the first day

Any tips for the first date with an older girl?

So I [M] matched with this girl [] a week ago; She was a bit hesitant at the beginning bc of my age but after a bunch of chatting and phone calls we planned for a date. 
She's really sweet and precious and I really want this to work.

We've both been single for more than a year and haven't been on dates since the lockdown.
I've neither went on a date with a girl older than me nor one that I have met purely online so this is two firsts for me.
On top of all that she's a tad above my league so I'm really nervous.
 
I'm asking you my fellow Redditors for any kind of advice or input that you think might help.


TL;DR she's older and hotter and I'm nervous",0,160
84,"Men of reddit, do you enjoy being the small spoon? How often does it happen to you to be in this position? Today I have been told by a male friend that men don't tend to be the small spoon a lot during cuddling sessions. So I would like to find out whether it really is the case because to me it seems preposterous.
 As a woman I absolutely love spooning my bf to sleep and I strongly believe everyone should get to experience being spooned and cuddled like that. I also have the notion that it is a normal thing to do in a relationship. 
What has your experience been with cuddling and especially spooning? Do you like being the little spoon? Does it happen enough or would you like to experience it more often?",0,136
85,"The girl that I have a crush told me she has a crush on me. And I told her how I feel, but she told she isn't ready for a relationship what should I do? ",0,35
86,"Will she have a bad picture about me, and what can I do? Today I was sitting in the bus, and a girl that I know made eye contact and waved at me, I was looking at her and didn't notice that she waved ( I realized that later). So my question is will she have a bad picture about me, will she think that I am unfriendly, that myb I was rude because I didn't waved back? I feel so embarrased, and still think about that. Any help will be available.",0,92
87,"A girl that I don't know that well waved at me, and I didn't waved back at her. Will she have a bad picture about me? ",0,26
88,"Men of reddit: when did you realise you were living a life of ""comfortable mediocrity"" and what did you do to fix it? I just realised my life has barely changed since lockdown began. I've realised my life so far has been ""comfortably mediocre"" and I want to fix it.",0,50
89,Looking for a hobby ,0,4
90,Men of Reddit: Do you have any story that disproves the statement: The worst thing she can say is no? ,0,20
91,What's your pro tips for cold weather? ,0,7
92,She wants to keep hanging as friends and see where things go? If this good? ,0,15
93,What celebrity are you attracted to and dont know why? ,0,10
94,When did you realize you fell out of love with your partner? Did you end up trying to work through it or did you just call it quits? ,0,28
95,"Men of Reddit, how do you stop your anxiety and mental health getting in the way of your dreams? ",0,19
96,Is it selfish to wish I had an older brother? ,0,10
97,Is pale skin a turn off? ,0,6
98,Best way to find out a guys romantic intentions ,0,9
99,Do men wear make up? ,0,5
0,How can a woman dress more attractively? ,0,7
1,Homesick ,0,1
2,Who has seen or heard of mindgasm on YouTube or anything like it? ,0,13
3,"AskMen: He was emotionally abused. And here is how I have handled it so far. I really like this guy. I can tell he's a good one, and he's got a good head on his shoulders.

The only problem is, his previous ex abused him, and I recognize the behavior patterns because I am someone who has fully recovered from domestic violence.

He was a total pain in the ass at the beginning, but I've noticed that the longer I've talked to him, and the more patient I've been with him, the more he has come around.

I've even seen spurts of affection come out of him.

Also, even though he will only text me once a day sometimes, I never get frustrated with him or tell him off, or try to pressure him for a relationship.

I gave him a gift awhile back that was small, and didn't make a big deal out of it. I told him it was for him, simply because I wanted the opportunity to see him smile. I got a text about an hour later saying ""Thank you, I loved it:).""

As of yesterday, whenever I compliment him, he has switched his responses from saying ""I try my best."" to ""Thank you:)."" And that took about  months for that to happen.

The one other thing I have been doing with him is when I talk to him, I pull my feelings out of it. Not because I don't matter, but I want to show him I like him more than the idea of dating him.

How else can I show him that I won't hurt him or abuse him like his ex did?

TL;DR how to handle someone who has been emotionally abused.",0,289
4,What can I do for Valentine's for my(f) partner other than a fancy dinner? ,0,14
5,How do I find another girl that meets my standards? ,0,10
6,Would you cuddle with a girl you're not that into? ,0,10
7,"Reasons why a guy youve been getting along with so well might ghost you ? Men of Reddit, Im coming at you as a confused  year old woman. I was talking to this guy for a couple of months now and we hung out a few times. The sex was so good in my opinion and his body language mirrored my feelings too. Everything was seemingly going so well, I enjoyed his company and he enjoyed mine( so I thought). A couple of weeks ago he just switched up, the communication just died off a weird death and there was no indication as to what went wrong. Our last chill session was a ton of fun... he just poof didnt want to talk to me anymore I guess ? .... This has never happened to me before lol Im just confused, whats the reason a guy would just do an  ? Why wouldnt he just say hes not interested in me anymore if hes not ? Like ? Enlighten me guys .",0,172
8,"Men who prefer smaller boobs: What particularly dont you enjoy about larger breasts? Id really appreciate no nastiness or name calling.

I feel ridiculous asking this question, but I finally had the what is your ideal body type talk with my boyfriend and he mentioned that he generally prefers small breastsIm a DD.

I know Im ridiculous for feeling insecure about this, but Ive never met a guy who didnt absolutely love my boobs so its really disheartening.

I know that my boyfriend loves me, and I know that logically my breast size has nothing to do with that love, but I cant help feeling kind of insecure. So Im wondering what it is about smaller breasts that some men find more attractive than larger breasts. Thanks in advance.",0,129
9,Help me please... ,0,3
10,New to Reddit but love how you can talk about things anonymously!! I was wondering if anybody married over  would like to have a chat about our wives? ,0,28
11,How would you react if your girlfriend had an OF account? Would you be okay to have her pictures all over the internet and easy to find? ,0,27
12,"Would you be okay with your girlfriend having an OnlyFans? How would you react if her naked pictures would be all over the internet, easy to find? ",0,27
13,Would you be okay with your girlfriend having an OnlyFans? ,0,10
14,"How do you feel about male prison rape jokes in media, like ""remember don't drop the soap"" ",0,17
15,Period sex? Recently lost virginity ,0,5
16,"How do you feel about male prison rape jokes in media, like ""remember don't drop the soap"" or or scenes of women sexually assaulting men for laughs (video discussions in comments) ",0,31
17,"How can I stop feeling anxious and panic every time I'm around the girl I really like? I've been friends with this girl for a couple of months and I started developing feelings for her about a month ago,  weeks ago I was going to ask her out to coffee, on a date, but a few hours later that same day I saw her post on her Instagram story a video of her kissing her boyfriend. My heart sank and I started sweating, and breathing real hard. I don't know why I started freaking out. Now every time I see her I start getting anxious and my mind starts racing. My breathing starts getting faster and my heart beats increase. I don't know why this happens and I want to stop. The other day I saw her and she saw me freaking out and asked if I was okay, and I had to lie to her. She's a really kind and caring friend and I don't want things to be awkward between us, especially since she seems really happy in a relationship with this other guy. I've tried to take my mind off of her by diving into my hobbies and classes, but my mind always creeps towards thoughts of her. It got worse when she invited me to the theatres the other day with friends and I promised myself not to freak out, but then I saw her and her boyfriend.

&amp;#xB;

&amp;#xB;

&amp;#xB;

I try talking to other girls to try and develop feelings for someone else so I stop thinking about her, but It doesnt help. Every time I see her I get butterflies but I also feel sick.

&amp;#xB;

&amp;#xB;

&amp;#xB;

I don't want to stop being her friend over something this stupid but I don't know what to do.

&amp;#xB;

How can I stop this feeling? And how can I stop freaking out every time I'm around her?

&amp;#xB;

&amp;#xB;

&amp;#xB;

TL;DR Found out the girl I've developed feelings for has a boyfriend and I cant stop freaking out around her, or stop thinking about her.",0,351
18,Tips to make a man feel desired ,0,7
19,"My male friend (with a girlfriend) and I had sex and he confessed his love for me, will he leave her? ",0,21
21,Tips to make a guy feel desired ,0,7
22,Ex Girl Friends Nudes Found on Best Friends Phone. ,0,9
23,Can you love someone youre not attracted to? ,0,8
24,"For the dads- what do you wish youd had when your child was born? My best friend is about to have his first. The baby shower etc really takes care of the mom, but what helped you out/meant the most/wish youd had?",0,42
25,Sucking dick ,0,2
26,What's the wildest thing you have seen at a fraternity / sorority party during college? ,0,15
27,What is the best exercise routine for an  year old man to begin with and then build up to? ,0,19
28,"Men who are living the life they dreamed of, what would you say are the keys to getting there? ",0,19
29,Will you help me buy $GME for charity? ,0,8
30,"By your own admission, where do you plan to be in your life  years from now? ",0,16
31,Do u prefer kendall or kylie jenner body type ,0,9
32,"How old were you the first time you had a crush on a teacher? I was in th grade so yr I think, she was young and I believe it was her first year teaching. My mom actually got concerned that something was going on when I came home talking about her every freaking day (it wasn't)

We're friends on Facebook now and I still think she's pretty hot.",0,69
33,How do u feel knowing that a lot of women are constantly living in fear of men I have a lot of female friends who are afraid of men. For example if a man does something that made them feel uncomfortable they would still be nice and play along just out of fear that ge might do something to hurt them. Just curious as to what you men might think because i always hear women irl and online talking about this but i dont hear any male input.,0,88
34,How do i get new friends? ,0,6
35,"In your experience, if you've gotten head from both women and men, who do you think gives better head? ",0,19
36,Is it stupid to talk to my ex? ,0,8
37,I don't know how to get my boyfriend to show more affection ,0,12
39,"I'm single and in my late s; what can I do to ensure that I don't end up alone? Title.

Background about me:

I'm a  year old male.  In my life I've had  very brief relationships (i.e., - months),  long-term relationship (i.e., almost  years) that ended this past summer (she more or less left me), and a handful of casual sexual encounters.  I have been really working on myself since that break-up (e.g., investing in my hobbies, lost weight, working out, in the best shape of my life, etc.), however, seeing that my ex is already in a new relationship a couple of months out really took a hit to my self-esteem.

I've never really been a ""ladies man"" per say.  All of the girls I have been with more or less made the first move on me.  I've had low self-esteem all of my life for various reasons, however, finally getting into shape and dressing better has been really helping me feel more confident.  Facially I think it is safe to say that I'm ""above average"" looking; I have people compliment my looks on a fairly regular basis and I've received ""positive"" feedback posting on ""rate me"" forums.

Now that I am pushing , I get worried that I might end up alone.  I see people my age and younger getting engaged on social media and hear about coworker's kids who are younger than me getting married and whatnot.  It is really starting to make me worry.  I've put off dating at the moment given that fact we are in a pandemic and I don't feel really comfortable meeting up with someone.  I guess I'm just really trying to make the best version of myself that I can.

I appreciate any replies!",0,293
40,"Dad's that have at least one girl and one boy, how big is the difference in raising them? I have  daughters, so I don't know anything much about the differences in raising opposite sexes. ",0,34
41,"Problem with my Little friend, im  ",0,6
42,"If I join my country's army, will I miss out on important things? ",0,13
43,"What do you wear around the house on a lazy day/evening? Hi all. I thought this one might be quite pertinent given that a lot of us are in lockdown at the moment.

For years I always used to wear jeans around the house all the time. People always used to be surprised when I said this. But I always felt they were comfortable enough and I liked the fact I didn't need to get changed if i popped out the house for whatever reason to head to the shops or whatever.

Last month I managed to break my leg (long story). Having a cast on my leg meant that jeans suddenly weren't so appealing. For Christmas my older sister bought me a pair of sweatpants/jogging bottoms/whatever you want to call them. To be honest they are a revelation. They are super comfortable for lounging around the house during the day. I feel like I've suddenly seen the light.

So, what do you guys wear when you're relaxing at home?",0,170
44,The Goat ,0,2
45,What do wear around the house on a lazy day/evening? [deleted],0,11
47,How should I handle my huge crush on brother's best friend? ,0,11
48,Why should one live a life? ,0,6
50,A question for all the handy men out there! ,0,9
51,"Just wanted to say that women dont do a lot of stuff for others, its for their own satisfaction and pleasure. they werent for you in the first place, what made you think that it was for you? ",0,38
52,What are some standards that society expects of men that are unfair? ,0,12
53,"Men who've had girlfriends or gotten dates without having a car, how did you do it or what did you say? ",0,21
54,How often so you think women are complimented? I see a hunch of posts about how males never get compliments but women get hundreds weekly. Is it always for the jokes or do you guys really think that way?,0,39
55,"What is a good person and what is a bad person and how to classify good person or bad person? In your opinion, What is a good person and what is a bad person?  How do you  classify person as good or bad? Thanks!",0,44
56,I am scared/insecure about my lack of sexual experience. What can I do? ,0,13
57,Have you ever been caught masturbating? ,0,6
60,"Fellas, how do I keep this mustache and not get shit all in it when I blow my nose? ",0,19
61,"""More of a boob guy"" ",0,5
62,Dr. Squatch and other expensive soaps ,0,6
63,Why should anyone live a life who went through a traumatic past? ,0,12
64,Weird ejaculation habit question? [NSFW] ,0,5
65,Have you ever broken up with someone due to depression? ,0,10
66,Momma boys of Reddit: how do you handle your mother when youre in a happy loving relationship with your SO? ,0,20
67,How do you communicate sexual interest? ,0,6
68,"How do I stop myself from catching feelings for every woman that gives me attention. Yup, I'm one of those guys. Any attempt to be friendly by a woman, immefiately turns to feelings for her. 

Obviously not every woman on the street or in society that's friendly. Mostly people I already know somewhat.

This is a recurring problem but here's the most recent example: I didn't know this girl so well, but she was part of the circle. We started talking  and didn't stop until about  am. Then we played a movie on netflix and went to sleep on the couch together. Now I can't stop thinking about her. The worst part is she had literally made out with a xlose friend of mine  days before. I seriously need this to stop. Help.

This probably doesn't fit here but maybe other guys here had the same issue? Don't know any other subreddits where I can ask for some advice on this. Also, just to be clear, this isn't just a one time thing it happens constantly.",0,176
69,You need a shit and piss at the same time. WYD? ,0,11
70,Is initial attraction based purely on physical characteristics? ,0,8
72,Does virginity matter? ,0,3
74,"Men who underwent penis enlargement surgery, how many inches/cm did you gain and do you think it was worth it? I am talking specifically about the surgery involving cutting the suspensory ligament of the penis. Also did you suffer any complications after the operation?",0,44
75,When did you realize that it was time for you to move out? I know quite a few people move out as soon as they start working or even beforehand. But what other timing could there be for you to realize that it's time to move out?,0,47
76,what guys think when they are flirting with woman and ignoring that her girlfriends are sitting next to her? ,0,19
77,"What are some ways to spice up love life during a pandemic? We both have high risk jobs and arent going out at all. After just under a year, we are running out of things to do at home!! What are some games men would play with their girlfriend/spouse? ",0,49
78,What keeps you from giving up on this life? ,0,9
79,Epididymal Cyst: Advice on managing and/or experiences with treatment? ,0,9
81,"How Would You Go About This? 
So my ex and I have been talking ever since our breakup that happened last spring. It wasnt a bad breakup but I think it was very much needed for us to work on ourselves individually and for him to focus on himself anyways, he reached out shortly after the breakup and we have talked ever since. It was nothing flirty or anything of that, it was casual although we did eventually discuss getting back together. He of course wanted to take things slow and stuff, and we would meet to spend time together a few times (during those meet ups we never kissed, or had sexual interactions) 


Recently he reached out again after us not talking for a few weeks and its been going good. He seems to be opening up more which is what I have been asking for lol he finally expressed more of his feelings and when we talked face to face he explained he wants me but is scared of getting hurt again, he doesnt want us to be toxic etc and also mentioned again how we should just take it slow. 


Me and him have discussed the breakup and the root of it all face to face and he told me his truth and I explained to him my side as well and I feel better about all that , its just now... like how do you move forward and take it slow as he wants . I understand taking it slow but I guess what Id expect is us hanging out every week and talking almost everyday. After we had our face to face talk over the weekend we talked earlier this week on Sunday then he messaged on Thursday what are you up to? Not hey how are things? Or how are you doing? Idk if thats how guys message or thats the new casual message nowadays but idk 


I guess I just feel talking/communicating every other day is good and spending time together. He also mentioned he wants me to meet the rest of his family which I didnt while we were together because I just didnt want to and he told me over the weekend hed really like me to. 


But anyways, what are yalls opinions ? Because for me I think taking it slow is at least spending time together and communicating more often to see if its something you want . Some people have said our pace is good and not to overthink especially since hes taking me out to eat next week. 

***And before this week we have been talking everyday and stuff hes usually the one to initiate, I never do",0,451
84,"How do you eat dinner with your family? All my life we would sit at our living room table and eat together. But then this pandemic happened and things changed. For the better.

My father is a non-violent choleric with an affective disorder. Dinner was a gamble. Mention the wrong topic he would start ranting and if you dared to disagree he would make you at fault for ruining the mood. If he talked with his mother on weekends before dinner, I had to prepare to have stomach aches after because all the stress didnt allow my organs to properly digest the food.

Now, the pandemic happened and I have the privelige to study from home with my parents again. For lunch I established with my mother, that she would cook (I clean up afterwards), while my father was at work and we would sit on the couch watching some nature-documentary.

I tell you, that shit is so relaxing. Youre munching on your favorite spaghetti while half-listening to David Attenborough is explaining why some fabulous birds are dancing to get laid.

Somehow my mother convinced my father that we should do that for dinner. And it changed everything. No stupid smalltalk, no opinionated rants, just calmness. Sure my father has still to comment on some shit because he knows it better but if just you leave it as such, he quits it very fast.

So how are you all doing? Traditional dinner at the table or are you making a campfire and play Wonderwall? Red weddings?",0,256
85,What do you guys think about a young boy who plays with dolls ? He doesnt have a father living with him but he has his grandpa sometimes Do u guys think hes gonna be gay ?,0,37
86,"My bf used to tell me I'm sexy and hot, but still wouldn't initiate the sex. Why?:( ",0,17
88,"What do I do before and on my first date? Hello Im going on my first date next Wednesday and Im really nervous and I need some advice. So theres a girl at work and weve started getting along really well and she hinted that I should ask her out. So I called her after work the other night and now we have a date. But Im freaking out. Shes two years older than me, Im , and she seems to know more about dating and relationship stuff. Im afraid of messing it up cause shes really smart and funny and easy to talk to. Do you guys have any advice for me?",0,113
89,"Men of Reddit, if you woke up one morning and discovered youd grown a perfect pair of breasts overnight, whats the first thing youd do? And how do you think the rest of your day would go? Nothing else has changed, just the breasts. Yes, I know this is an absurd question but I do have a legitimate reason for asking, as its for a paper on my masters degree (and yes, I know that looks absurd too, but its the truth!). Also, Ive had  breasts a long time now, so Im long past the stage of paying any attention to them whatsoever.",0,103
90,Whats something you like to treat yourself with? ,0,8
91,"Asian men who grew up with media telling us that western women are of loose character, how did you feel when you moved to the West only to realize that women here are just as wonderful as women back home? I grew up in India and was constantly told by media there that western women are easy to get. I had the opportunity to study with some of the brightest folks in India and I was able to break out of that shell. But I know a lot of my friends who came to the US with so many unreasonable expectations. And when I moved to the US, I made friends with so many wonderful women here only to realize that theyre just as amazing, sensitive and sensible as my friends back home. I try explaining this to my friends to knock some sense, but I dont think I do it efficiently. How do we re-educate these eastern cultures?",0,159
92,"What Do Men Think About LOA/Karma/Soulmates? So, I didn't read this anywhere, but it made me think. I was watching all these New Age videos on YouTube and often they talk about how to apply the Law of Attraction to relationships. For instance how to manifest a text from a person you like or signs that a girl and the guy are soulmates or whatever. 

There's one thing I noticed about all these channels and that is that over % of the comments are women. This made me curious, so I thought let me ask men directly. What is your honest view about this spiritual stuff? Do you believe in it? Do you believe in some of it? Thanks :).",0,120
93,How do you just let go? ,0,6
94,"How do you handle flakes and make it clear you wont tolerate their behavior without making yourself seem like an asshole? I met this girl through mutual friends last year. We started texting a few months ago, hung out about  weeks ago, and I asked her on an official date about  weeks ago. After talking she agreed to dinner so we made some plans. 

At am the day were suppose get dinner she sends me a text that her ""mom, sister, and grandma just tested positive for covid and she's not feeling well."" She asked to hold-off until she could get tested. Fine.

A few days pass and she messages me that she ""doesn't have the rona!"" but my week was pretty booked at this point so I told her that. She said she was leaving town for the weekend and would be back Sunday. The vibes I was getting is that she's not interested so instead of trying to force something on the schedule I just said ""okay have fun!""

A few more days pass and she messages me ""Hey! I'm not going out of town now this weekend because of the storm. Lunch on Sunday?""

I agree. 

Sunday morning I text her ""Hey! We still on for today?"" She responds ""Most likely! I'm super hungover and xyz came up that I have to do. Late lunch/early dinner?""

I agree.

An hour later she texts me ""Hey, I just barfed and I don't want to keep you waiting. Want to just reschedule?""

If I'm being honest I am a little pissed at this point. I'm self employeed and busy and I've now blocked my calendar off for her TWICE with her rescheduling the day of, preventing me from really filling in that time with anything else. Specifically on this last one, I had an offer to leave town for the weekend which I declined because it came after she already asked me to lunch on Sunday. 

I was pretty blunt in my response and just told her ""I don't want you puking on me so we can reschedule but, I'm not going to tolerate another reschedule on the next one, okay?""

She responded a day later, I put the ball back in her court, and haven't heard from her in  days now. 

I realize I was probably a little blunt/aggressive in my response but I honestly have no time for this shit. 

How do you guys normally handle a situation like this? I'm trying to have a little more tact going forward. 

Thanks",0,424
95,"You probably get asked this all the time, but do men ACTUALLY prefer women in the - bmi range? ",0,19
97,"Men of Reddit, why HAVEN'T you bought Gamestop Stocks($GME) yet? Friends, we are in the middle of a historical moment, and everyone should buy stocks in GME(whether is  or ). Together, we can make history and money while holding the large companies and brokerage firms accountable for !",0,48
98,Anyone else here wank with their non preferred writing hand? ,0,10
99,Who is the most handsome man you have ever seen? ,0,10
0,"Men who have gone through the sort of negative experiences that's typically assumed only women go through, how do you deal with discussing it afterwards? And what lasting effects have you noticed on yourself? I can only say from personal experience, I've gone through things that it's not assumed happen to men - sexually assaulted, sexually harassed, ""mansplained"" to and been in an emotionally abusive relationship. The vast majority of these experiences come at the hands of women but I have had a few of these things come from men too. Although on a personal level, it hurts more when women do it (and I can't explain why that is).

I find though I very rarely discuss it, and even I do it's only ever anonymously. Mainly because I feel people don't believe me? Or that it's not as bad because I'm statistically an anomaly and it's not a typical ""male experience""? So therefore isn't as harmful. Plus before when I used to bring it up, it was in the middle of an existing discussion and told to shut up because I was derailing the conversation as a man and it was harmful. So I don't even seek those discussions out anymore. 

In terms of lasting effects, I feel it's made me a fairly resentful person. Like I probably won't get involved in efforts to fight the above social injustices and fight against people who try to get me to. Mainly because I have the mindset ""well no one helped me or laughed at me when this happened so why should I help you?"" I know that isn't helpful or probably not a good thing, but it is definitely true of myself. 

So I ask others who have had the same experience as myself, how do you or even do you discuss your experience with others? And what are the lasting effects you have noticed on yourself?",0,317
1,"What are some signs that a woman is going to be good in bed? Before the clothes come off, in the ""getting to know you"" stage.",0,26
2,"Do you guys sabotage parts of your Life, if so, why?  year old here. Dropped out of school, worked in construction then moved to fitness. I've travelled the world teaching fitness classes but quit  years ago because ""I thought it was the right thing to do"" now I look back and see that my insecurities and ego are the reason why I quit, not because it was the right choice.

So here I am in the UK, moved back with parents thinking back to laying on the beach and realising what I stupid decision I made.

Then last month I get a new job in a nice little gym and I quit before I started because I wasn't happy with the pay after thinking about it and yet again, I'm living with parents and now realise that had I have taken the job I'd have learned new things, networked with people which are priceless and I won't find a similar job which doesn't require me to be a sales machine (commercial gyms).

I got offered another gym in Abu Dhabi but turned it down because the money wasn't great, it was a year contract and for the rest of the year I was working a job which paid me less!

So here I am at my parents with the thought that I keep sabotaging my own Life. I keep getting these little gems of opportunities but it feels like Im throwing them back into the face of Life. Who quits working abroad because they didn't get on with their supervisor?

I'm not a 'influencer' type fitness person, nor do I have an amazing personality or great experience so I feel absolutely lucky to have even had these chances and yet here I am. How many chances can a person get?

I don't understand how I can be fortunate enough to get a decent job during Covid when  are applying for a cleaner role and not appreciate it because ""The money wasn't good enough"" and yet again here I am earning no more at my parents.",0,345
3,"What do you fantasise about? I mean, actually picture of imagine it? ",0,12
4,Keep sabotaging my own Life ,0,5
5,Would you say the majority of women are good/great at blowjobs vs the amount that are bad or just ok at them? ,0,22
6,How can someone be in a serious relationship If they're unable to live under the same roof with anyone because they're stuck in their ways ? ,0,26
7,"Men of Reddit who let go of a good woman, did you ever regret it? ",0,15
8,How often do you masturbate? Hi,0,6
9,Female friend has lead me on for months. ,0,8
10,What are you favorite online magazines and why? ,0,8
11,"Men, what do you think now of the person you lost your v irginity to? ",0,15
12,How do you feel now about the person you lost tour virginity to? ,0,13
13,"OLD: Match but no response? What's up with that? For the men who have previously been or who are currently active in online dating, have you ever not responded to someone you matched with who messaged you first? Why was that?",0,41
14,"Men with sisters, what advantages do you think you have over men with only brothers or no siblings at all? ",0,20
15,What are the things that Women do think it's amazing but its actually not? ,0,14
16,Would you date a single mother? ,0,6
17,"Men, would you date single mother? ",0,6
18,Why do some people get a kick out of being unreliable? ,0,11
19,Do some people get a kick out of being unreliable? ,0,10
20,"What is a thing women do that they think is amazing but its actually not? Saw this on r/AskWomen 
Lets turn the tables!",0,23
21,I am a virgin can someone explain this to me... ,0,10
22,I think I have wasted my teenage years? ,0,8
23,How has the pandemic impacted your sex life? Do you feel that you masturbate more because of it? ,0,18
24,Is it bad that I really want my partners to have a iud? ,0,13
25,"Men - what are your planning methods? Dad of two here, busy job &amp; big house to maintain. Struggling to stay on top of work plus be a role model, kids time, house maintenance &amp; building work, car maintenance, finances etc. Feeling overwhelmed being main earner in family too. 
How do you gents manage your time effectively and dont go under?",0,61
26,"Have you ever falling for a girl when you were sure you were not looking for a relationship? Have you been in situation where you wanted to have a casual relationship, you matched with someone online and told them you were not looking for serious relationship, but then she still agree to meet up where you ended up kissing and found her really attractive and planned to see each other again. 

I am in a situation where we both agree to see each other casually but open to have a good time in and out bedroom with low expectation. We both agree not to take things seriously and I am also seeing somebody else (not exclusive yet).

I watched when Harry meet Sally but it's just a movie right?",0,129
27,I cant stop crying because I wont see my best friend in a year! ,0,14
28,"Dear men, why would you tell a girl that you are interested, keep her around but never do anything about it ? Keep mind, there is no sex involved. ",0,29
29,Anybody want to have a chat about our wives? ,0,9
30,What do men want for Valentines Day? ,0,7
31,"Why would a guy say he's interested in a girl, keep her around, but never dose anything about it? Keep in mind there's no sex involved in any way! ",0,29
32,What is a thing women do that they think is amazing but its actually not? ,0,15
33,What was a time when someone unintentionally made you horny at school? ,0,12
34,What is an important lesson some unknown person taught you in your childhood that you'll never forget? ,0,17
35,What was your most unintentional horny moment at school? ,0,9
36,"Gentlemen, I want to feel the high of achieving again, but also the thrill of taking on the difficulties that come with it. What are your suggestions for me? I, M, just came out last year from a very bad place and now Im feeling driven as fuck to get the best out of life. 

The last time I felt that high was when I got my degree. I had a really tough time in college but despite all odds, I graduated with honors. But the toll that feat had on me only manifested laterthe three years thereafter. I lost interest in just about anything. Today, Im in a better place and eager af to *live*.

Last year, as a small step, I completed the -books-in-one-year challenge. This year I wanted to get more physical. My plan was to go to the gym and take up at least one sport. 

So yeah, lads, especially those who have been in similar situations, what do you suggest for me?",0,167
37,"Why did you want to move in with your partner? **practical reasons aside (i.e. money/raising kids)

Living apart seems to contribute to greater harmony and appreciation in the long term. 

Im dating someone who Ive lived with before (&amp; it was great then) but were living apart for school right now and our relationship is even better.

I dont see the point in living together again unless we wanted to get married and have kids. 

(Thanks for taking the time!)",0,80
38,What are pros and cons of marrying a older women? ,0,10
39,Thoughts of marrying older woman? ,0,5
40,Is Having a guru dangerous???? ,0,5
41,What is a thing that woman do that think its amazing but its not? ,0,14
42,How do you control your PP (especially when he wants to wake up) when you are with your GF or the girl you like? ,0,24
43,m this f wants to marry me. Any pros and cons? ,0,11
44,Where can someone train to kiss. ,0,6
45,"I ( M) am going on my first date in  years, what do I do? So Im a manager for a pizza store and when I was clocking her out at the end of a (RIDICULOUS) shift I asked if she wanted to go out for drinks sometime. She said no because of COVID- so I suggested disc golf. She said yes (!!!!!) And now I'm freaking out and getting anxious. 

P.S. - I put my two weeks in last week and won't be her boss for much longer, just looking to gain some knowledge and foresight to make this a good date for both of us.",0,107
46,"Hey gentleman, I have to ask, what's the best way about getting into therapy? ",0,14
47,How do I know what qualities make me a template for many? Hi everyone :) Im just me but it seems just about every guy whos interested in me is deeply interested. What is it about women that entices you so much that you base your partners off of  persons qualities? Id like to add that in no way am I trying to be offensive I just didnt know how else to word the last sentence! ,0,76
48,Girl here - what do you like to receive from your SO on Valentines? ,0,14
49,"What perfumes turn you on the most? Im curious!
What gets you going?
Looking for a new scent!",0,18
50,What is the appeal of televised sports? ,0,7
51,I'm Interested! ,0,2
52,When is it appropriate to tell a potential love interest that you looked them up on the internet? I did this. He doesnt know and I dont know if I should tell him that it only took a quick Google search to find him. Does this make me a creepy weirdo or what?,0,53
53,AIs from AI Dungeon  to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit! ,0,14
54,help me ,0,2
55,my problem plz help me ,0,5
56,How often do you fantasise about female coworkers? ,0,8
57,What do guys actually want from life? ,0,7
58,"Fellas, what is something ""unmanly"" you like that you keep secret from others for fear of being ridiculed? ",0,18
59,Tips for getting out of a rut ,0,7
60,How do I shave my face so it becomes spotless? ,0,10
61,"Men of Reddit, how has becoming a father affected you ? I've got a  months old girl, and it feels like nothing's the same, but also it's always been like this and should be.",0,34
62,why do men do this ,0,5
63,Thoughts on watching porn during sex? ,0,6
64,"Young men in relationships, what are the things you normally do for your partner when she is having her peroid OR if he is in a bad mood, for those who are homosexual? I'll start off by saying that I'm  and have been with my partner for almost a year and these are the things I do for her when she's on her period:

- Give her space when she needs it.

- Give her cuddles and kisses when she needs them

- Comfort her when she has a spill

- Let her rest while I do her chores for her

- Get her whatever sweets she's craving at the time, if you can afford it. (in my/her case, it's usually donuts)",0,122
65,Mobile Legends: Bang Bang games ,0,5
66,anyone else get told that they are g@y but are str@ight? ,0,11
67,you guys feel a bit feminine but are straight? ,0,9
68,"do any other men feel like they are a bit feminine but are also straight, but you get called gay? ",0,20
69,Helpme ,0,1
70,"I had to put down my cat yesterday, and I am absolutely devastated. How do I cope from here? Morris had developed a severe cough these last few weeks. It was quite bad, much worse than a regular hairball retching reaction.
We went to the vet yesterday with him, and the Rntgen and Ultra sound showed a huge tumour in his lungs. My best furry friend had cancer. We scheduled a termination later in the evening, as I stayed with him the whole time. I hadnt cried this much, and I am now as I type this, in a very long time. My entire face and chest fucking hurts but I cant stop.


Heres a picture of him. 
https://i.imgur.com/meKdfY.jpg


And a gif of cat.exe has stopped responding... (Haha)
https://imgur.com/a/WGIoXSx


I need some words and help on how to go on from this. Men who had pets put down, how did you moved on?",0,153
71,"How do you deal with feeling something for someone so much that no one compares? I dated a girl my first year of college and we ended up breaking up in a very safe, less than messy way. I still have feelings for her and I cant seem to shake them. Everyone that Ive been with since has always been either a caricature of her or a quick replacement to give me gratification in the moment. How does one move past those feelings if they bear such a heavy weight?",0,90
72,"Dear men, how often you initiate text with a girl ? ",0,11
73,high school graduates of reddit : does my reputation in high school really matter? ,0,14
74,"if you don't see an apple, then its true ",0,9
75,"[serious] What would you think if the girl youre seeing was on several mood stabilizers? I take Prozac, abilify, Wellbutrin, and Ritalin. Used to take Xanax, might go back on it. 

When guys see all those pill bottles, it tends to freak them out. But what exactly goes through your mind? Like do you think Ill set fire to your house or something?",0,63
76,"What if not everybody is meant to have money? I was just reading an article on reddit on how etextbook prices have skyrocketed to costing % their original value.

But we hear stuff like this all the time. People taking advantage of people for financial gain.

What if money is a game? And not everybody is meant to have money? So the man complaining that hedge funds, corporations and the mega rich have an unfair amount of resources (money) that should be redistributed down to them via taxes is actually not mechanically correct? The guy plainly has lost the game to whatever degree he has money, or doesnt have money. 

Makes sense to me. If life is based upon hierarchy, then really, nothing has gone wrong fundamentally. Sure you could say its unfair or whatever and were human and were above that because we have large brains and god in our side. But... it would be. But its supposed to be in that sense, because not everybody is meant to win.

Anyway. Idk if this is the place to post this. 

What are your thoughts?",0,185
77,Cheap Clothes Online Store with Free Shipping ,0,7
78,My wife keeps making the sound of a minecraft zombie getting hit when she is deepthroating how to prevent this? she refuses to acknowledge it. also she is an atheist if that helps,0,33
79,"How do other men deal with body image issues? Not sure where else to post hopefully some here can relate. As a tall naturally skinny man the only times I'm able to consistently enjoy life is when I'm able to be keep myself in a healthy weight bracket  which does not come easily to me without consistent exercise and high calorie diet. Otherwise I have strong insecurities about my weight. The thing is I do look much healthier/better when I can keep myself in this bracket through the exercise and diet. How do other tall, skinny men deal with this?. Do you just accept it is a part of your life/something that you will always have to do, the same way people have to brush their teeth or shower for hygiene purposes?  It feels like being a hamster on a running wheel",0,142
80,How to stop watching porn and masturbating? Ive noticed that lately I dont really feel anything or get much satisfaction from porn so if anyone has any tips Id greatly appreciate it,0,32
81,What do you like about where you work? ,0,8
82,How do I pick myself up again? (M) ,0,8
83,Is it true that you can get further with women by using your eyes than your mouth? ,0,17
84,Did I throw my life away? M ,0,7
85,Why do we need shaving cream? What happens if you try to shave without it? ,0,15
86,I threw my life away (M) ,0,6
87,When did you realize that you were out of your league when it comes to helping your partner and cut if off? ,0,22
88,"Men of Reddit, what is that one compliment you still remember to this day? ",0,14
89,What r benefits of being gay? ,0,6
90,Are names ever a turn off? ,0,6
91,Do you think it should be acceptable for a man to kiss his daughter on her lips in a platonic way? ,0,21
92,"Who's prettier, left or right? ",0,5
93,What does it mean when a guy kisses you all over your face? Is it a sign of affection? ,0,19
94,What would you guys do if a women hit you first? I would personally tell her that she shouldnt be hitting random people and that she could end up in a lot of trouble if she does that.,0,38
95,"Men who underwent suspensory ligament (of penis) release, how many inches/cm did you gain, and also do you think it was worth it? Also, did you suffer from any complications after the surgery?",0,33
96,How many guys genuinely like small breasts? ,0,7
97,"Nowhere near bragging because its barely above average, just genuinely concerned on how to hide my excited Johnson in jeans since it's too long to tuck into waistband without sticking out (like the tip would be exposed if I lifted my shirt)? And for those saying to pull up pants it makes my scrotum stick out",0,56
98,Which films best illustrate the complexities of modern manhood? ,0,9
99,"Dear men, what do I drunk text my SO? ",0,9
0,"Men who had your first relationship with a girl who never been into a relationship / you we her first, how was the relationship like? How long did it last and how old were you? ",0,35
1,"dear men, whats a song you WISH your SO had drunk texted you? we getting in our feels tonight",0,19
2,"How far would you go for love? I recently was asked out by a guy Im really fond of, but it turns out I will be leaving our state in a few months. There's possibility I may not, but right now it's probably likely. He knows about it, he knew about it weeks before, but still wants to give us a chance. I looked passed a few things that would generally be a deal breaker (for an angel) about finding out about someone, and so did he. I want to hear from another guys' perspective.

What about you?",0,98
3,The front of my head is so sensitive and I dont know how to clean it without pain [M  / uncircumcised] ,0,21
4,Help on finding waist size for bootcut pants. ,0,8
5,Have you ever not had chemistry with someone you found attractive/liked/thought you would (from a distance)? Do you know what got in the way of chemistry? ,0,26
6,What movie changed your perspective on life? ,0,7
7,"How can stop feeling inferior? No matter how much I try to hide it, it pops up everywhere. I feel inferior to rich men and women of my age ( I'm  M) I belong to a middle-class family. I'm not earning yet but I'm pretty much sure that problem will go away in near future. But still, I feel I lack something, I feel like the person in front of me smarter and more successful than me, it hurts a lot that's why I avoid going to malls, restaurants, and some high-class places cause I feel like someone will expose me or ill do something very embarrassing.
Please help me to get out of this misery or else I won't be able to lead a normal life.",0,127
8,I have inferiority complex ,0,4
9,Why do people ghost??? ,0,4
10,Men of Reddit..what is your guilty pleasure in music? ,0,9
11,"Rather than punching something or someone, what is a conducive way to release pent up anger? We all know the stereotype that men who are angry are toxic. Punching walls is a sign of fragile masculinity. Finding other ways to better release our pent up anger is weak. 

As someone who suppresses his emotions and releases them in private, how can I do so in a way that doesnt perpetuate the stereotypes normally perceived in us guys. 

My go-to until now has been push-ups. But sometimes push-ups arent ideal in places such as being out in public. I do usually wait until I can do so. Sometimes Ill also play music loud in my car so people dont hear me scream.",0,121
12,When is your mind typically at its peak during the day? is there a time? you taking drugs? after that nap? etc,0,22
13,"Noob question: what are the odds he genuinely wants me to come over to talk and listen to vinyls? F here, met a guy online, he invited me over after some long convos. Considering its quarantine and cold outside, coming over for dinner might be a legitimate option. At the same time, guys typically have less-romantic intentions? Basically, is there a chance he GENUINELY only wants to have wholesome conversations in person?",0,72
14,How old were you the first time a woman (romantically) said to you I love you.? ,0,16
15,Anybody else wish they had a foreskin? ,0,7
16,Missing my foreskin? ,0,3
18,"I'm tried of being a man child with this toxic mindset. How do I get out of this mindset? So I know I'm not attractive. I'm short ('), I have a small frame, a fat nose, uneven jawline, large pores, acne/scars, a lazy eye, and moles/splotches all over my body. Because of this I feel like it makes it harder for me to have a gf. People say that I should just lower my standards and date a girl that's on my lvl of looks. Well, I guess I could do that, but I really don't want to. I want a gf that's attractive. I know I don't deserve one. I don't think anyone deserves a gf/bf, I just wish I could date an attractive girl that actually liked me back. I also feel like it's unfair that I was given these shitty genes. I feel so depresses when I see attractive people hanging out and having fun. I feel like they have life on easy mode...anyways,

I just wish I could swallow my pride and just accept a girl that's on my lvl of attractiveness. I know I sound like a POS. Yes, I know I sound like an i\*cel. Yes, I know I'm insecure, which is why I want to change and get out of this mindset. I want to get of this mindset that looks aren't the most important thing in this world. I'm just tired of this having this mindset. I'm in my late 's and I want to change **now** before I get into my 's.

I'm a mess. There are a lot of things I need to fix about myself which is why I want to start now",0,284
19,"Have you ever asked a partner to do something ""strange"" that they find attractive? ",0,14
20,"Does anyone else's asshole ever ""swallow"" the splashed up water while you're shitting? ",0,13
21,Im so scared to go outside without my boyfriend anywhere because of men ,0,13
22,"(Serious) Underwear question: Ive changed underwears (been wearing boxer briefs) a number of times but theres always a slight bulge showing. Its really bothering me, especially when I go out and talk to people. How do I get around this? If I go down a size lower, its too tight. If I go up, its somehow loose. 

Some info about me:

M

 lbs",0,63
23,Men would you date/have sex with a woman that has the same name as your mom? ,0,16
24,"I want to make this dude feel like a king, any suggestions? ",0,12
25,To all the men ,0,4
26,"How do I text a guy I want to be friends with Ive never had a male friend. I recently met a guy at my college and we got along well and he seemed interested in getting to know me. He offered to help me with any questions I have in a class Im in that hes already taken. I want to hang out w him bc he seems fun to be around but Im nervous to message him. I could message him about the class but idk if thats a good way to become friends lol. 
If you met a girl who you had a nice convo with would you find it weird if she messaged you? Would you want to be her friend and hang out? What should my message be if not just something specific about the class?",0,141
27,"To my more experienced gentlemen, what path made you a better man ? Two paths. 

One fun &amp; sexy, w a bit of risk. 

OR 


Cute &amp; reserve, much more reserve. 

Yes im talking about girls. 

Im talking to two. I like them both but im in a cross road. 

Fun &amp; sexy Ill call Kathy. Kathy is very fun &amp; loud but is also extremely sexy. Shes completely over me but i get this slutty tendency feeling. I try not to judge but she likes to enjoy herself... as she should shes single. But shes always texting me &amp; were starting to discover a lot we have in common. 

Cute &amp; Reserve Ill name her Sam. Sam is a very conservative girl. shes a longtime friend &amp; i am very comfortable w her. only thing is shes extremely boring at times. i know shell love me &amp; take care for %. I love her a lot as well &amp; i really want to get her to open up more. yk be more outgoing &amp; exploring the world. 

I KNOW im not the only man that has been in this position. for those we chosen one of these paths... how would you say the outcome was. im young so its not a big risk but i would like to lock one of em down bc i have too much responsibility now to be a hoe. 

so gents COMFORTABILITY?? OR BIG RISK ??",0,242
28,What would you like to do on a date that lasts - hours? ,0,13
29,"Two paths. One fun &amp; sexy, w a bit of risk. OR. Cute &amp; reserve, much more secure? ",0,18
30,Do men care about acne? ,0,5
31,Would you ever want a serious relationship out of a fwb situation? ,0,12
32,"Gentlemen, I want to feel the high of achieving again, but also that thrill from taking on the difficulties that come with it. What are your suggestions for me? ",0,29
33,Pains in the perineum? ,0,4
34,Whats the sexiest thing I could whisper in your ear right now? ,0,12
35,She's amazing! ,0,2
36,"How do I (M/) keep from letting retroactive jealousy regarding sexual pasts ruin future relationships?   To provide context and insight, I never really put forth much effort into dating because of constant rejection and poor self-esteem.  After becoming more self-aware, I decided to start making changes in my life to better myself and my circumstances.  I started eating healthier, exercising  days a week and started CBT therapy.  I consider myself a much improved person mentally, socially, physically and spiritually.  

   However, I recently learned something about myself that could me from ever being happy in a future relationship.  I recently discovered that I have extreme retroactive jealousy when it comes to a girlfriends or potential girlfriend past.  I know its foolish to let something of the past interfere with the present but its always bothered me for some reason.  Its as if I get angry and upset that I didnt get to have those experiences.  I try my best not to judge because I know I dont have a right to but it really puts a strain on my mind. 

   How do I go about handling this the mature, right way so nobody gets hurt and what tips/advice do you have so that I dont run into this same situation in the future.  Im eager to hear from you all and your advice is much needed and appreciated.  Thank you and take care.",0,232
37,Snapchat left on delivered ,0,4
38,"Just lost a potential relationship due to my interests being ""weird"". Is this my fault? ",0,15
39,"Male room mate always smells, and I can't for the life of me think what's causing it He showers every other day or so, I think. But every time he enters a room, it smells for the next half hour.

I've brought it up with him more than once, and he's said that he can be quite sweaty at times because he has to walk up a hill to get to our house. But it's not that.

I suppose the title for my post is a bit disingenuous, because he is quite a grub; he doesn't know how to clean properly, has never opened his bedroom window and, I'm sorry to use stereotypes here, but he's a  year old goth-bogan kid. I dunno, just looks dirty.

Can having a dirty room really make you smell so bad all of the time, even if you shower reasonably often?

It smells just straight up BO, but I'm thinking he might have some kind of fungal infection.",0,164
40,"How do I shut this inner voice up telling me my significant other is talking to someone else? We havent been talking that long, but the energy has fallen off drastically to the point we may text about  times a day, with her replying hours later... &amp; have not seen her in like a week now to which she says she has a lot of things going on causing her to be unable to see me. For example we were supposed to hang today because she gets off work early but today comes &amp; she has texted me only twice, &amp; said if not today then maybe tomorrow. 

I wanna believe her, but inside is saying shes lying, if she really wanted to see you she would, she got off early she could easily come stop by, shes texting you slow now because theres someone else

I want to say something to her about it but I feel like it could ruin things since shes givin me some reassurance over text that shes still all for me, but I dont wanna fall into that game where she may treat me like Im in the wrong for having concerns.

Idk what to do.",0,202
41,Why do males ghost females they supposedly like? ,0,8
43,What would happen if we reset the world? So what do I mean by this? Lets say we all started again with the knowledge we already have but theres no buildings no politicians no anything... we are all just spawned in again at the exact same age and knowledge of what our world is like today... so everything just resets we basically spawn into a fresh world with nothing but the nature thats already around us... what do you guys think would happen? In depth answers would be highly appreciated...,0,90
45,Is it harsh to ask my SO what were doing for Valentines Day? ,0,13
46,Men. Are you In need of a pick up Or feeling like you have an emergency? ,0,16
48,"If you take the global landmass percentage of the continents you had children in and add them together, that's your ""total worldwide domination"" percentage. How much of the world do you preside over? I was curious about this as I have three children born in three different continents, bringing the total landmass percentage of continents that I am a father in, at .% (sourced by Googling; 'What percentage of landmass is X"").

What's yours?",0,74
49,MEN OF REDDIT - HOW DO YOU CHOSE A HAIRSTYLE?! ,0,10
50,Why is it hard / uncomfortable to receive compliments? Coming from a girl whos curious about the male mind!,0,19
51,Is there an actual website to find and date older women? ,0,11
52,"Does any one else gets horny when sad? If yes, how have you dealt with it? ",0,16
53,Why do some men only respect other men? ,0,8
54,ADVICE NEEDED! How do I turn this flirtation and friendship into something more if the guy is shy? ,0,18
55,How do i turn a conversation with a girl flirty (m) ,0,11
56,How do you get out there? Hey all (m) Im just curious how the fellow men are so smooth with conversation and online dating. Ive only had one real relationship and Im struggling to get back out there. Im much more confident since hitting the gym and all that but I have no idea how to really keep up a good conversation or see if they are interested. Thanks!,0,69
57,Best advice for dating apps/ getting out there? ,0,8
58,How's your day been or how are you doing? Some of you may not have been asked so please tell me.,0,21
59,Need text on mens bodies ,0,5
60,How to shave/treat a beard? ,0,5
61,"Have you ever grown to find someone attractive, after initially not being attracted to them at all? ",0,17
62,My gf is asleep on my hand and I cant feel it for good minutes... any advice how to get bloodflow back without waking her up? ,0,26
63,What is a thing that girls do that think its amazing but its actually not? ,0,15
64,Pretty cool training on bow to make money from scratch for everyone ,0,12
65,Pretty cool training on how to make money from scratch for everyone ,0,12
66,"What is something that women do that they think is amazing, but actually isnt? Inspired by a recent post in r/Askwomen",0,21
67,"If a womans appearance has ever grown on you, what made that happen? If it was because of her personality, what about her personality made her more attractive? ",0,28
68,"Could you describe what makes one vagina feel better than another? Like, what is ""good pussy"". I hear guys often talk this...do some not feel good? whats the deal?",0,29
69,"Is there anything you cannot do/talk when there are women around, even the girl that's ""one of the guys""? ",0,19
70,What are your thoughts on wearing speedos as a group for a bachelor party? ,0,14
71,What's your best strip club story? ,0,6
72,Abortion Stories from the guy's side ,0,6
73,"Why is feeling bad/sad over a crush, someone you've never actually been with, not taken as seriously/looked down upon? ",0,19
74,I am planning on messaging some girls on my friends list on facebook. What should I say to open up the conversation? ,0,22
75,"The uncircumsized men who were unable to pull their foreskin back even into late teenage/adulthood, how did you deal with the issue? ",0,22
76,"Everyone seems to be talking about investments right now, but what is the best return on a non-monetary investment youve made? ",0,21
77,"If youre divorced, have you ever considered just saying fuck it and staying alone for the rest of your life? ",0,20
78,What do you do if you are bored (in a pandemic)? ,0,11
79,whats your dating life been like? if you have any advice pass it over to me please ,0,17
80,"what do you guys do when you have nothing to do? do you just stay in bed, play games, eat, exercise, get on social media? ",0,25
81,"Men of Reddit, do you wear jewelry or any accessories? ",0,10
82,"Dear Men, what do you consider to be a deep woman? *Above average substance to the soul, no pun intended haha* ",0,21
83,Do the little testi taps hurt? ,0,6
84,What was the worst date you ever had and why? ,0,10
85,How would you react when you find out that the girl who was pretending to be single for past few weeks actually is in two year long relationship? She was my classmate. Will it piss you off? Because by now you two have gotten very close. She just did it for shit and giggles.,0,54
86,"Men of Reddit, how is it like having sex with your partner after childbirth? My husband and I are thinking of having a baby. When I ask my friends how its like downstairs after childbirth, they all say it goes back to normal and I dont believe them. Can you tell me the truth?",0,54
87,"How long should you wait for a guy who has shutdown /won't open up? days,  weeks,  month? When is it time to move on? ",0,24
88,I am finally coming to terms with my appearance... Have any of you encountered this recently? ,0,16
89,"In your experience, when was there a form of infidelity or betrayal that was worth forgiving? ",0,16
92,"As a groomsmen, would you wear underwear the groom bought for you to wear under your tux for the wedding? ",0,20
94,"I don't really want to have sex with my girlfriend, I feel bad but don't know what to do Almost  years into the relationship. I still love her and enjoy being around her but definitely just generally don't feel as attracted to her. It's not like she gained weight or anything physically different (plus I've never had an issue with bigger women in the past, not trying to say that gaining weight always makes people unattractive)

There have been times in the past where she has been borderline abusive and had boundary issues like looking through my journal. However with the looking through my journal she did actually find things that I had been hiding from her (being bisexual, being uncertain about my relationship and if she's someone I want to be with at times, etc) and it honestly leads to us having conversations about some of these hard topics that I had been avoiding which helps us get closer so it feels hard for me to be mad about. Plus they were like  months to a year ago that it was actually a problem and she recognizes that she was wrong and an asshole to me and has been doing a good job of working on and improving

But yeah I don't know part of me feels like I'm fine with the relationship how it is and would be okay without sex really, I guess I just don't really feel like a lust towards her and sex feels like something I feel ""forced"" to do because I don't want her to feel unattractive or bad because I don't. Sometimes we have sex and I am into it but the most recent time (a few weeks ago) I just wasn't really feeling it and trying to do it our of obligation and couldn't get it up

I don't think that it is anything to do with asexuality because I can imagine having sex with someone else and getting into that just not as much with my girlfriend. I go on and off with porn, sometimes a week or two without then every day or so for a bit.

I know stopping masturbating is a good place to go and have for a few days, but it also just feels like forcing myself to do something that I'm generally just okay without and makes it hard to enjoy. I dont want to feel that way about someone that I'm supposed to be trying to build a life with but don't know what to do.",0,423
95,Is this a type men have? If so is there a term for it? ,0,14
96,"Why is my crush giving me the cold shoulder? After making it clear that he's into me too, he's suddenly ignoring me.",0,22
97,Should I tell him? ,0,4
98,"How do I comfort my dad, whos father is very close to dying? Hi men of Reddit. My grandfather is very close to dying, he has only a few days left since about October. My dad isnt someone who shares his feelings a lot but lately when we talk about my grandfather he gets visibly upset. 

If you were in/have been in this situation, is there any way your daughter could help? Is there a way that I could let him know its okay to talk about it? In my work I am often listening to peoples problems and helping them work through them, but it feels so different and hard to approach with my dad. Any advice is appreciated ",0,120
99,How do you deal with underwear going high up onto your navel? ,0,12
0,"Guys, when you're going through a tough time at work, what do you want &amp; need from your partner? My boyfriend (who I'm in a long distance relationship with)  is having a tough time at work, he's a really hard worker, but is being taken advantage, and even got written up today because the stress of it all is affecting him so much :( I, as his girlfriend am wondering how to be there for him in the best way?
What advice do you guys have?",0,86
1,"Men in high achieving professions (doctor, lawyer, CEO, etc), do other men treat you differently when they what you do? [deleted]",0,21
2,Why do men have a hard time receiving / accepting compliments? ,0,11
3,"If you freeball, what is the reason you started and why do you do it? ",0,15
4,Is clumsiness commonly unattractive? ,0,4
5,"Whats wrong with falling in love with a girl who's nice to you? A lot of people say stuff like ""you fell in pove with her because she was nice to you?"" Like its a bad thing. What other criteria are there? If you cant fall in love with a girl who's nice to you then what else is there?",0,60
6,"When would you reject a womans flirt? So an encounter happened that baffles me, and I have no close guy friend to ask for opinions. 

Ive been talking to this guy for a while now as friends on discord. I felt like flirting one night and basically asked him if he wants see a picture of me taking a bath or a picture of my plant - a kind of flower that appeared on a tv show. 
He replied  Haha, well given the situation, the more appropriate option would be the flower.  
I said that its his loss and sent him my plant afterwards lol 
To which he also said oh almost certainly, but it keeps things simple lol 

I meant it as a healthy flirt between two adults, but somehow I feel kind of awkward talking to him now... feeling like I had offended him or made him uncomfortable in certain ways...",0,153
7,What skin would you make for a DCK Pic enhancing app e.g. Hulk Mode? ,0,14
8,"What do you expect a girl to have done to get ready before you come over? This is a very stupid post but I thought some other perspectives might help calm my anxiety. Im (F) having a guy over for the first time. Ive never done anything before, dont even know how to kiss, and he is fully aware of this. Were probably just going to watch a movie and cuddle, maybe make out depending on how the night goes. Is there anything that I should do to prepare for him? Obviously Ive taken and shower and covered all of the hygiene stuff. I have fresh sheets and blankets, cleaned the kitchen and bathroom, and got a few snack things for tonight. Is there anything else I should get done?",0,130
9,"Feeling like Ive become isolated over the years, is this normal? What to do? ",0,14
10,Do you think its acceptable to leave poo streaks on the toilet and hope it eventually comes off? ,0,18
11,Do you think its acceptable to leave shit streaks on the toilet bowl and let it eventually get flushed or pee on it to make it come off? ,0,28
12,What are some of the craziest female actions toward you that you have ever experienced? ,0,15
13,Should I let a girl co-worker know that another co-worker is sharing her nudes? ,0,14
14,Am i wrong for feeling like this ,0,7
15,Head Trouble ,0,2
16,who makes yo ,0,3
17,How would you define the old school man work mentality ,0,10
18,"Upvote = Boob Guy, Comment = Ass Guy ",0,8
19,What did you think was stupid until you tried it? ,0,10
20,"Men of reddit, how do you fantasize and cultivate your sexual energy? I quit using pornography about  months ago and I'm having trouble getting my juju back. Since I quit, I don't really sexualize women anymore and I have no real urge to have sex. I almost forgot how to get horny. I mean I want to sexualize my wife a little bit, right? Any tips on how to get back? Any guidance on this would be appreciated so much. I don't have any men in my life to ask. Thanks!",0,91
21,How is your mental health right now? ,0,7
22,"Men of reddit, how do you fantasize and cultivate your sexual energy ? Hi, I stopped using porn about  months ago, and I'm having problems getting my juju back. Since quitting, I don't really sexualize women anymore so I'm not really excited for sex. I mean I want to sexualize my wife a little bit, right? Any ideas, some guidance would be appreciated. I don't have any men in my life to ask.",0,73
23,"Men of reddit, is it a turn off if the girl you're interested in asks you out first? ",0,18
24,Can I ask a few questions to some older married guys? ,0,11
25,What does your wife/gf/husband/ etc hate about their body that you really like? ,0,13
26,"Questions about marriage, honesty, nofap, porn and sex. ",0,8
27,Should the women of onlyfans be limited to their subs? ,0,10
28,Anyone else think that women of Onlyfans should be limited to their subs and not post randomly anywhere else? ,0,19
29,"What is considered bad in bed when it comes to women? Dear men of reddit, I as a lady would like to know what you guys consider bad in bed. Is it just laying there? Or like is just laying there okay? Or is it more specific than that? Do fill me in with as much detail as possible, past experiences are also welcomed.",0,64
30,"Men of Reddit, when did you realize you are neither conventionally attractive nor ugly but somewhere in the middle. How did it make you feel? What did you do about it? ",0,31
31,Am I a pervert? ,0,4
32,"Regardless of her age, who is the fittest girl/woman you have ever met? What makes her so fit? Are you afraid of her? ",0,23
33,"What was it like breaking up with your partner that you had feelings for, but didnt love or see a future with? ",0,22
34,Why do a lot of guys like being called Daddy ? ,0,11
35,Have you ever stayed in a relationship just for the sex? ,0,11
36,Why do men masterbate even if they are in a committed healthy relationship? ,0,13
37,Has a girl's tightness ever made it painful or uncomfortable during sex? ,0,12
38,Emotional guilt trips in a relationship ,0,6
39,How do you recognize gaslighting? ,0,5
40,How do I get control over my mental health? ,0,9
41,"I'd like a male perspective prespective on ""pretty privilege"" when it comes to women in day to day life? 
Dating/love/relationships/courting/sex aside, do you believe objectively attractive women are treated significantly better in their every day life? (Better jobs, better education/more attention from professors and school staff, treated better by customer service employees, receive more help/rescue from strangers when they're in a crisis ect). Whereas objectively unattractive women have a harder time moving up the career ladder, recieve poor service when out running errands just for being unattractive. I mean situations where sex/exchanging numbers isn't expected at all and non-""social"" situations (bars/clubs/parties ect), pretty women just treated markedly better just for being pretty in day to day life... of course, I'm speaking generally.

Do you have any thoughts/feelings on this? Do you think it's even a real phenomena? Do you think men experience anything similar?

I know you're not women, but what you observed? Do you know women who've experienced this, on either side? Have you perpetuated it, yourself?

disclaimer: I'm not posing this question with any sort of agenda/angle or as a debate/attack on men, so no need to be defensive. It's just a topic that's discussed among women, I'd like to hear a male perspective. I'm asking with an open mind and no judgement so feel free to be as honest and candid as possible.",0,226
42,Boyfriend (M) is making me (F) feel guilty for taking a week to myself ,0,14
43,"How often do you ask another guy for tips on personal grooming? I really like how my neighbor styles his goatee, and want to ask him how he does it. Ive never asked another guy for style tips and no one has ever asked me, so Im actually a little ashamed to ask. How often do you guys ask other guys for personal grooming tips? How often is it weird or awkward? Suggestions on how to ask?",0,77
44,"Your girlfriend of  years gets out of the shower and her privates smell like body odor (onions) this has happened hands full of times, what are you doing? ",0,28
45,"Bald men, is there a special soap for your scalp or do you just use body wash? ",0,17
46,"Black Sabbath: the Dio years or the Ozzy years? What are some of your favorite songs? For me, Dio hands down. Idc what band he was with, he's always been my favorite metal vocalist. Buried Alive and Too Late come to mind immediately.",0,43
47,Regrets of potential leaked nudes ,0,5
48,How do you avoid getting unwanted attention from women? ,0,9
49,"I'd like a male perspective prespective on ""pretty privilege"" when it comes to women in day to day life? ",0,19
50,"what does the phrase cum dumpster mean to you? this is a completely serious question! i keep seeing this term being thrown around on twitter, sometimes as an insult and sometimes as a compliment, and im curious about it since its so ... gross-sounding? but some people like it? some people self-identify as it? in what contexts do you usually use cum dumpster and why?",0,65
51,"How big does your gut have to get till you can't see your chap any more? I was just wondering how big of a belly is actually necessarily until it obscures your beloved sausage. Because looking down while having a piss, I can't imagine it would need a lot?",0,49
52,"A really fuckes-up question, but what's the weirdest thing you've ever jerked off to. Ik, this is weird af, but I'm just bored-ass guy, so...I don't know what else to do than ask fucking weird questions in Reddit. ",0,38
53,Is it wrong for me ( soon ) to find someone who is / attractive? ,0,15
54,What should I do? ,0,4
55,"I need help to figure out what to do I need help (M)

I have met a girl on Instagram  weeks ago and we've been talking a lot, in the first two weeks I felt like she was into me and wanted to talk to me because she replied to all the messages I've sent her and she never answered like she doesn't want me to send her messages, the conversations were good and I enjoyed talking to her, but in the last week, she didn't respond as the same way she did before it's like she is not interested anymore and I don't know why.
For example, if I ask her something she would just answer the question like she doesn't give a fuck about it and she doesn't ask me anything...
I don't know if I should keep on trying or just let this whole story go because I don't want to get hurt and I'm already confused by her.",0,162
56,Is marriage worth it? ,0,4
57,What is the best dating app/website just for gamers? ,0,9
58,What's been the funniest moment in your relationship with your SO? ,0,11
59,What makes women different than men in your view? Describe what is it about them that you like or draws you to them if at all? ,0,26
60,"Recently started seeing, and think Im in love with, a man who lost a sibling at a young age. How can I be delicate, but supportive around this? ",0,28
61,"How normal is it for a geek to date a non-geek? I am an introverted, childish, easygoing geek. I like to watch anime, Power Rangers, Doctor Who, read manga, play video games, etc. Nobody around me shares my hobbies. No girls around me like those things. It makes me feel so lonely, so isolated, like a weirdo. As a geek and otaku, should I look for someone who are like me? Or should I go along with the normal girls?",0,80
62,Why would a guy take ages to text back (- hours) but keep asking questions to keep the conversation going? ,0,20
63,"Preferences on what your promise ring looks like? And, if your gf got you one, would you wear it? ",0,19
64,"How do you perceive women? Meaning how do you view them differently than men, what attracts you to them? ",0,19
65,Whats the best condom? Or maybe just the least worst? Ive never been satisfied with the sensation on [m]y end. What do yall use?,0,24
66,Chest size ,0,2
67,What success have you had with D pics? ,0,8
68,"Compliment or bad thing: When men your age say you don't look your age? Honestly, how bad is it if a man tells you don't look your age?  
I've been constantly told in my study and work environment that I look very youthful. I still remember once working at an office and one of my colleagues mentioned he thought I was the grandchild of the manager because I seemed very youthful.  
Trying to be objective I know I have some physical and energy traits that might influence this, my height being more petite, my naturally curly hair (I keep it in the natural color as well), I dress modestly and I'm more a friendly bubbly than a serious person.  
Of course, has been a blessing in some ways, I connect very easily with children, elders and trust me very easily.  


However, I feel in the dating market or sexual dimension might not be a plus.  
Is it a compliment or a bad thing: When men your age say you don't look your age?",0,173
69,What do you do to not fall into a predictable routine of having sex? ,0,14
70,Im Not Understanding This. ,0,4
71,"How do you perceive women? Meaning how do you see them differently than men, what attracts you to them? ",0,19
72,The most amazing man.. ,0,4
73,Men of Reddit. What are the best one liners for S/O on special occasions like Birthday? ,0,16
74,"Guys in their 's or older, what is your advise for someone about to head into their fourth decade of life? I'm inching closer to my th B-Day and it's giving me so much anxiety. I don't dread getting older, it's a part of life, however I can't seem to shake off thoughts in my head telling me that I should have accomplished more in my life by now. I should be entering into a new career field and working a higher paying job, I should be more financially secure, I should have a better apartment and have nice furniture like an adult, I should have traveled to many places by now, I should have started running long ago and have ran numerous marathons by now, I should have hobbies that bring me joy, I should have found my calling by now and be passionate about something, I should be more educated, I should be in a relationship. I realize most, if not all, of these are simply things I regret not having started on much earlier.  

Did anyone of you have the same experience? If so, how did you overcome the issue?",0,193
75,"Men, you know you're beautiful, right? ",0,6
76,Would a man have sex eith a woman for  years if he found her unattractive? ,0,15
77,"Men who don't train their legs in gym, why? ",0,9
78,Why and when did you cry the last time? ,0,9
79,"Gamers of reddit, what can you not do without? What is something that you use that as a gamer the best purchase?",0,22
80,What makes you change your feeling towards a girl who you weren't into before? ,0,14
81,Social Experiment ,0,2
82,What would you do if a frienda sister wanted to hookup ? ,0,12
83,"People who grew up without a brother figure, how did it affect your life? ",0,14
84,How to hide a boner in public? ,0,7
85,Men in relationships - Why do you watch porn? ,0,9
86,Ask Men: He gave me a compliment. But he doesnt know me that well yet. ,0,15
87,"What's going on with the ""Reddit users tricking stock market"" thing that happened. I'm no business man, I'm just a regular  year old who's curious and just wants a proper explanation. What is going right now? Stock markets getting high, robinhood ending and such. Just curious.",0,46
88,"What was that one girl that was really gorgeous, but turned out to not be the sharpest tool in the shed? What happened? ",0,23
89,"People who grew up without a mother figure, how did it affect your life? I see questions about people who grew up without father figures all the time but never about mothers. As my mother left when i was  and i was raised by a loving father, i am curious about people who are in a similar situation as me.",0,60
90,. Moving out. ,0,3
91,"What do you think the difference is between traditional masculinity, and general or modern masculinity? This question came up in a different sub and it piqued my interest.

If traditional masculinity is a thing, then what is non-traditional masculinity?

Even if you think it's all just a social construct, I think you can still ask what that social construct actually is.  For example, how has society's ideas about masculinity changed over time, and how might it change in the future?",0,80
92,"If your SO gave you a coupon book, what would you actually want coupons for? ",0,15
93,what does low libido feel like? ,0,6
94,Which 'drunk text' are you most ashamed/embarrassed of? ,0,8
95,Moving on. ,0,2
96,"Erectile Dysfunction Started dating an ex from years ago, and now his johnson is not acting as it used to...Not the first time dealing with this for me, but what more can I do as a partner? We dated  yrs ago and now circumstances led to us meeting and starting to hang out again. Weve both changed for the better, so despite my general policy of never dating an ex its going great! Were both serious about the relationship. This time around I noticed that I wasnt waking up to an erection poking me, like it used to. And when were getting into it, he cant get or sustain an erection. Its no big deal to me, but it is to him. Ive dealt with this before with boyfriends whom for psychological reasons/stress would lose the erection. But, this time I suspect that health might be the issue...He is super stressed out with work, hardly exercises, doesnt eat healthy, drinks too often and sleeps very little. Im not stressing out about this at all, (or taking it personally) but he is. I think that it might be medical and not just psychological? How can I help, besides not making an issue of it and being supportive? What are your experiences?",0,210
97,"How did you move on from being rejected by a crush? I confessed to my crush and got rejected. We're still friends and I'm grateful for that. I initially thought it would take me a few days to move on from my feelings for her, but ever since I got rejected  weeks ago. I've been thinking about her every single day ever since.

My brain keeps reminding me of the happy memories we had and keeps on reminding me of the moment I got rejected. I know the best option now is to move on from my feelings for her so that I don't cause myself more mental pain but this is so much more difficult than I thought it would be.

How do I move on? Any advice?",0,129
98,"Guys, when's the last time we've felt happy? ",0,8
99,"Men of Reddit, recommend a pair of warm, quality slippers. ",0,10
0,"When does complimenting becomes too much? I am talking with someone recently and i am naturally a loving person and i express myself through words of affection, compliments, so whenever he sends me a picture i will say things like ""this shirt looks so good on you"", ""your face is glowing"" etc because i am like this when i like someone. But he will sometimes say thank you and sometimes does not say anything. Is too much complimenting bad? He thinks i am clingy because i am affectionate?

English is not my first language, sorry for any mistakes.",0,98
1,When does complimenting becomes too much? And is this a bad thing? ,0,12
2,How often do you ask other guys for personal grooming tips or advice? ,0,13
3,Do you prefer female or male friends? ,0,7
4,"How to deal with feeling fat, unfit and pushing yourself to get more active Hey!  


I'm , currently attending college with the GI Bill and I used to be quite fit in the Navy. I have gained some weight and I'm about lbs. and '''. Lately I have been dealing with a lot more body image concerns. I live up north so it's quite snowy, I am stuck inside all day, I eat one meal a day and I'm trying to deal with PTSD the best that I can. I have been wearing sweat pants for a while now and today I had to actually dress like an adult and be productive. I feel disgusting in the size  pants that I have to squat in to stretch them out. My knees hurt and I have a few foot problems that have made it impossible for me to go jogging like I used to and I have been online to look for a few activities to do at home. So far none of them have worked out for me because I don't have the equipment or I find some other excuse. I want out of this rut that I am in but not sure how.",0,204
5,"How would you rate your looks from a scale of -, and how would you rate who you're willing to date and sleep with on the same scale? ",0,28
6,My woman asks why I masturbate still when shes beautiful? (Serious) ,0,11
7,How to make my glans less sensitive ,0,7
8,To what extent do you keep your relationships with your family and friends separate? ,0,14
9,"Fellow men of Reddit, why do you piss all over that sit-down toilet seat when there's a urinal two steps away from you? ",0,23
10,Why do most Darkskin men prefer lightskins women? ,0,8
11,How has COVID- impacted your physical/mental health? ,0,7
12,Guys Ive been debating this with m wife for ever! Honestly do most guys prefer outtie lower lips or innie? ,0,20
15,Guys Ive been debating this with m wife for ever! Honestly do most guys prefer outtie labias or innie? ,0,19
16,In need of assistance with female crush ,0,7
17,Men based on 'locker room talk' what are the different ways you approach and treat someone whose an / and an above compared to someone under / I'm really curious. ,0,30
18,"How to stop putting women on a pedestal? Context: I have a tendency to unconciously put women i like on a pedestal, even if its mutual interest. I want to avoid doing it and be and remain as equals.",0,39
19,I feel absolutely no pleasure in masturbating. ,0,7
20,To the introverted men of reddit: What are some oddly specific signals you send to a girl you like? ,0,19
21,"Men who love physically lifting your SO, why? My fianc lifts me over his shoulder, runs with me, throws me on the bed etc. He does this every single day but its kinda terrifying when Im cooking or doing something and not expecting it. I ask him why he does this but hes not the most verbal and all he says is its fun for him. I just cant picture how this can be fun????",0,75
22,Did I hurt his ego/feelings or was he just done? ,0,10
23,My biggest fear is that Im a simp and not aware of it? ,0,13
24,"Returning to school at , how can I make best use of it? After working for more than  years in different industries and making decent money, I have got admission to a top MBA program and am taking huge student debt to finance it.

What all should I be doing at the B School that will help me advance my career and my life ( financially, personally)?",0,67
25,how i fixed my phimosis/ tight foreskin (M) ,0,8
26,Best football to buy boyfriend for Valentines? ,0,7
27,How long is a British driving license valid? ,0,8
28,Am i the only one who thinks that reddit characters are quite cute? ,0,13
29,Do you remember your first sex? ,0,6
30,Has anyone experimented with nootropics? What was your experience like with them? ,0,12
31,Whats your most embarrassing boner story? ,0,6
32,do you ever feel empty and lost and just all over the place? ,0,13
33,Would you consider it normal to view your female friends sexually as a straight guy? ,0,15
34,"Men of reddit who took a political detox , how did it go ? So I know that we should all stay informed and stuff , but lately ive been finding myself spending wayyyy more time looking up political shit than I should to the point that its hindering my productivity , so all the men here who took a break or a detox , what was it like and how did you do it ?",0,76
35,Sister in law crush? ,0,4
36,"Men of reddit , have you ever tried taking a political detox? ",0,12
37,"How to make my man feel like a KING I (f) recently got into a relationship. Me and my bf (). We sext a lot and stuff, but I feel I'm not giving him enough in return. He does cute romantic things for me, get me flowers, hand written cards. He'll kiss my hand, he just sweeps me off my feet. 

I wanna make him special. I ask him about his day, compliment him, boost his ego while still being real. But I feel I'm not giving him enough and he deserves more. This is also my first relationship and it's going to be a long distance one as I'm moving soon. 

I would prefer cute/romantic suggestions because rn we mostly sext. I wanna make him feel special ",0,128
38,Setting boundaries in a relatively new relationship? ,0,7
39,"Men of Reddit, What were you thinking in your mind When you kiss? ",0,13
40,"Men of Reddit, When you kissed a girl for the first time, What were you thinking in your mind? ",0,19
41,Setting boundaries in a relatively new relationship ,0,7
42,How did you know you were in love? How did you know she was the one? What is your love story?,0,21
43,"How can i gain that lost confidence I has Hi guys,

I'm(f) in a long distance relationship for almost  months, my bf(m) used to be very insecure and worried about me or that something would happen for many months now he's quite confident, however for me I was very confident before and now I'm at a stage where I'm insecure and worried that something will happen anything really.

How can I gain that confidence back again? It's extremely hard right now as I haven been isolated from any outdoor activities due to covid and been in lockdown which has resulted in me being overly analytical and ocd about the relationship. I hate myself for being like this and I feel like old woman doing this.

Please give me some wise words.",0,131
44,What are your desires. Life is short have an affair and get laid. Here are some good matches for you. [click here.](https://allgo.xyz/link//),0,22
45,"Guys with dad bods, how comfortable do you feel in your body? What are the advantages and disadvantages of having such a body? ",0,23
46,"Why is there a running dichotomy between men and cuddling? I cant imagine there being truth to it so why is there a stereotype like that in the first place? It must be based on something, do men not enjoy it as much as women??",0,45
47,"Men who live with only females, do you still stand to go Number ? ",0,14
48,"Men who live with only females, do you still stand to pee? ",0,12
49,Got a guy I was Dating and casually having sex with a birthday gift &amp; sent decent length happy birthday message as well but when my birthday came around I got nothing but a late night phone call .. what is your outlook on this ? ,0,46
50,"We were dating no commitment of any type I got him a gift for his birthday , when my birthday came around; all I got was a late night phone call.. whats the outlook on this? ",0,36
51,"Men of reddit, what is with the interest in thighs? Im just genuinely curious, my bf loves to grab mine and lay on them or between them like a sandwich.",0,30
52,Why do guys like thighs? ,0,5
54,What event in your life would make a good movie or tv show? ,0,13
55,"How many days in a row have you had sex? Could you have with your partner every day for a year? I read an article by a female journalist who had sex with her husband every day for a year. As a highly sexed male I think this would be nigh on impossible, and Im pretty sure my wife would never go for this. The woman managed it and wrote about the whole experiment and seemed legit. Think you could do it? Have you ever tried for a specific period?",0,90
56,"How to flirt with my girlfriend? Me (M) and my girlfriend (F) started dating a short while ago. As it turns out I'm not really someone to give verbal affection but physically one. But she wants me to talk a bit more when we're making out and I'm running out of ideas on what to say.
Do you have any tips?",0,61
57,Having sex with partner every day for a year ,0,9
58,"Americans: how can I be friends with you? So I haven been living in America for quite some time now and I have  friends. 

I have reached guys to become friends with in school but its just not working. My coworkers are also not into being friends. Theyre my friends at work but they never want to hangout out of work. 

Back in my home country I had lots of friends. Im a little introverted and at first Im quite, but once I get comfortable, Im fun to be around with. My friends back home grew up with me since childhood so they knew me pretty well. 

I have an accent since Its been only few years Im learning English, is that what annoys people? Also, I dont drink alcohol and dont watch football. 

Americans, please teach me some tricks to make friends.",0,143
59,"How can I stop viewing men as father figures and try and make friends with them instead? If a guy is too friendly to me when we first meet (generally he has to be in the authority, team leader, tutor, etc) I become emotionally attached.

I'd much rather make them my mates instead of idolising them. Being mates would allow me to, eventually, stop viewing them like I do in a less stressful way than them just remaining an acquaintance and one day just leaving. That's worse.

If they don't initially see me as friend material, can I change that with time and effort? I seem to always push them away.",0,111
60,Would you consider me a groomer? ,0,6
61,People who grew up without a father figure when did you realize that it might've had a negative impact on you? ,0,21
62,help please. husband keeps condoms in his car. ,0,8
63,I friend just went out on a date and tried to be romantic and it didn't work. He asked what he did wrong. ,0,23
65,Advice needed: breaking down the news of celibacy to my husband ,0,11
66,What does it mean when a guy requests FWB ,0,9
67,Im a male in college that doesnt like vaginal sex. Is this normal? ,0,13
68,What do you do when your mind starts to overthink? ,0,10
69,"What are things guys want a girl texting him instead of just ""goodmorning"" I'm talking to a guy whom I really like and we get up at different times to which usually means I don't usually wake up to a good morning text which is alright but I want to have him wake up to something like that? What do you guys suggest? A compliment? Explain to them about something that reminded me of him?",0,75
70,Do guys like it when a girl is bold ,0,9
71,"Guys, What do u look for in women? ",0,8
72,Question for guys ,0,3
73,I just realized that I've never felt as happy as I was before my girlfriend for  years left me. ,0,19
74,"Appropriate way of telling him Im interested in the long run but not ready for bf/gf labels yet? Is this type of talk a thing? (F, M) ",0,27
75,What do you feel about being more comfortable with a attractive therapist ? I have not seen one in a while but I remember seeing two the first one was a cute blonde probably only a couple years older then me and then when she left the next one was a middle aged overweight women who was more experienced but just didnt work as well. So I dont mean to be shallow its just the way it is was a lot more relaxing also probably sense she was more to my age it helped,0,94
76,"Men of Reddit, what do you think of this pre-DTR talk? Need advice. :) ",0,14
77,"How do you expand working relationships into friendships in the virtual workplace? I started a new job and have never met the majority of my coworkers IRL. We do have Slack chat and occasionally video conferences, but I was wondering how do you guys take the conversation from work to more personal topics to build longer lasting relationships? In my previous jobs, getting to network and know people outside of work led to a lot of success on the job (sales). Now I feel like I am getting along great with people at work, but it is more challenging to get to know people personally since Ive lost queues like body language and facial expressions and environments like the proverbial water cooler. Advice is great!",0,125
78,How many of you have had a female friend or relative who was either amused or totally nonchalant about you sprouting wood when she sat down on your lap? What were the circumstances?,0,33
79,"How many of you guys had a female friend or relative who regularly sat on your lap and was either amused, or simply didn't care, when and if you got a boner under her? ",0,34
80,Is she messing with my head? ,0,6
81,unrequited love or busy commitment phobe med student? ,0,8
82,"When you stopped chasing women and started chasing your goals and purpose in life, what was the goal or purpose you started chasing? If you were a man who chased and pursued women and a relationship for a while or sought validation from others (mainly women) and realized it wasn't benefitting your life at all, what was the goal that you started chasing, what was YOUR personal goal, or what was YOUR purpose in life that you started pursuing?",0,79
83,"Should I keep ""throwing"" myself at him? ",0,7
84,Is she messing with me head? ,0,6
85,Im adopted with  moms so I grew up without a dad. do any of you have any father/daughter advice for me? ,0,21
86,How would you feel about a female stranger telling you your fly was down in public? ,0,16
87,What non-sexual things do girls do that make your heart melt? ,0,11
88,How would you feel about a female stranger telling you your fly was down? ,0,14
89,"When do you wear cologne? I (M) have worn cologne daily since I was in middle school, initially because my dad always wore it and I wanted to be like him but now simply out of habit. Do other guys wear cologne daily? Or just for certain occasions such as dates and events?",0,53
90,Is it better to have a long torso or long legs to look taller ? ,0,15
91,"What is ED actually like? I am aware people can suffer from sexual 'disfunction' for a myriad of reasons. As a woman, I'm curious what Erectile Dysfunction is really like. Frequency, feelings, coping tricks, strange causes, etc.

Is anyone willing to share what it's like and how it has affected your life?",0,52
92,"My skinnier friend bought the same pair of shorts as I have and looks better in them despite me telling him that I have the same ones. I know it's not wrong, why do I feel sad? ",0,37
93,What is going on with this new trend of nose piercings and/or rings and earrings in younger men? ,0,18
96,"If you could speak for  minute and be heard by everybody in the world, what would you say? ",0,18
97,Do you guys wear socks to bed? ,0,7
98,"People whose proposals failed, how and why did it happen? ",0,10
99,"How to help a burnt out partner? Hi all,

My boyfriend is the primary breadwinner and works hard all day as an educational software developer. He lent me his desk for my job and works solely from our couch. When hes not working, hes constantly reading about investments and trying to make money through side projects.

He does more than his equal share of the housework and will always help me cook by doing the tasks I hate the most. He cleans the kitchen every night like hes closing a restaurant. All this background serves to show what a great partner he is and how hard he works for our future together. 

One thing Ive definitely noticed is he can get very burnt out from all these events. His social battery is pretty low (something we share and I love about him) and by the end of the day he seems absolutely beat and burnt out. I try not to talk to him because I dont want to annoy him or contribute to the sensory overload.

I love him to pieces and would love any advice  on little tips to help out a stressed partner and show my appreciation for all that he does. 

Men of Reddit, what would you want?",0,211
0,interpretation of this behaviour? ,0,4
1,How do you respond when people tell you that you look sickly after having lost weight (gotten to a healthy weight) and that you looked better when you were fat? ,0,30
2,Reasons why a guy youve been getting along with might just ghost you ? ,0,14
3,Im confused ,0,2
4,"what is the best way to answer when family/people ask ""why are you (still) single""? ",0,15
5,Hard work beats talent when talent does not work hard....But what about when talent does work hard? ,0,17
6,"As a fully grown man, what advice would you give to your  year old self? ",0,15
7,guys interpretation of this behaviour? ,0,5
8,"When guys joke about their dick size, is it actually small? ",0,11
9,My boyfriend  ,0,2
10,"Fellow Man of Few Words, How do you cope with circumstances that demands that you be more outgoing and expresive? ",0,20
11,What exactly happened with Reddit crashing Wall Street and increasing some game company's stocks? How? ,0,15
12,"What is your relationship like with your sister? Im curious to hear what other guys grew up with and their experience of having a sister.

What is your relationship like with your sister?

Is someone secretly one parents favorite?",0,39
13,What is something you wish your significant other said to you more? Tell me what is something you wish your significant other said to you more?,0,26
14,Should I buy a nose hair trimmer? ,0,7
15,"Men of Reddit: why is it that many guys dont talk to their friends about personal issues and their relationships? About a week ago my my boyfriends friend (who lives alone) texted my boyfriend and their other friend saying he had broke up with his girlfriend and wanted a bit of company. This friend has been dealing with some issues in the past few years and had been open about such struggles on social media.
Anyways, when my boyfriend got home, I asked him how his friends were and if he had asked about the one guys breakup. He basically said nope, I think its rude to ask about those things. 
I feel the opposite on this issue and find it rude to NOT ask how someone is doing/general inquiries about a breakup. But I know Im a girl and that we deal with our issues differently. I told him I think his outlook is too hyper masculine and that its damaging to men in the long run to not have anyone to talk to about their issues. What do you think?",0,182
16,Men of Reddit: why is it that many guys dont talk to their friends about personal issues and their relationships? ,0,20
17,Should men be more open with talking to their friends about personal issues and their relationships? ,0,16
18,How do I better connect with their emotional state? Ways to improve self-awareness? ,0,13
19,"My boyfriend doesnt talk to his friends about personal issues, is this weird? ",0,13
20,"Men who grew up with brothers, what was your experience like? ",0,11
21,"How would you guys deal with this? So my little stepsister whos  is anti LGTBQ, and has strong feelings about being against it, her mom doesnt really seem to care and actually got defensive when I told her she shouldnt be saying stuff like that especially out in public. Should I just keep my nose out of it all? I dont wanna teach her how to raise her kid obviously...",0,70
22,"How would you react if you were with a girl about to have sex and she wanted to completely stop? I (F) had a guy over the other night. Ive known him for almost a year and weve been talking for almost  months now. He asked if he could come over the other night and I said yes. We had been talking about hooking up and knew the possibility of it happening was there. Ive never had a boyfriend or had sex, and he knew this. We made out for a little bit and clothes started to come off. All of a sudden I felt like I was going to throw up from how nervous I was. He was super nice and didnt try anything more, we cuddled for awhile and watched a movie, then he went home. Weve talked since then but I cant help to feel the guilt and awkwardness when I see him. Should I apologize? Should I just get it over with?",0,166
23,Does this turn men off? ,0,5
24,"Men, what is your most valuable possession? It can be anything. A book, a car, or anything you find most valuable",0,21
25,How do guys deal with being broken up with? ,0,9
26,Manhood ,0,1
27,Transitioning into manhood ,0,3
28,Is he interested ? ,0,4
29,Nervous or just not interested? ,0,5
30,Men of Reddit: why men follow such pages like igs girlsgettinghurt? Theres also r/girlsgettinghurt where you can see a preview of the content of the ig.,0,26
31,I have too many interests! How do I remain motivated on each of them without burnout? ,0,16
32,How do I [F] explain to my boyfriend [M] that I want him to last longer in bed? ,0,18
33,Why would you ever propose/get married? ,0,6
34,"men, why would you ever get married ",0,7
35,this one is for the men who cheat ,0,8
36,"Non-religious men, why would you ever get married ",0,8
37,"What are some behaviors women do that make you not want to approach them? I notice guys (and some girls) look at me a lot but nobody ever talks to me. Ik they arent scared because when Im with my friends they come up to them all the time. Ive been told I resemble Bernice Burgos, Ashley Banks and Chaka Kahn so I know Im not hideous at least. And only perverted grandpas try to talk to me and I want guys my age (). What is it huh!!",0,89
38,"How do you keep your fun sack clean and fresh? I apologize if this has been posted before, I have looked up videos on how to keep the sack clean and fresh but to be honest most YouTubers just cram down their shitty products but I want an honest answer out of real people.",0,54
39,Help with trimming ,0,3
40,"What are your pubic hair preferences? Id like to hear from the men or male-identifying folk in this group. 

Ive got a D appointment tomorrow and its loooooong overdue (hopefully it turns into more than just a D appt but we shall see). Anyways, I decided to go all bare down there for the appointment and it got me to thinking... I assume thats what this guy wants but.. is it? I plan on asking him but now Im curious to hear from the crowd:

What are your thoughts or preferences on your partners pubic hair or grooming?

Thanks fam",0,100
41,About Pubic Hair ,0,3
42,"What to do when your girlfriend doesnt like making out? I [M] am dating [F] and we have a very good relationship despite only dating for around three months.  Everything is great and we are both seniors in highschool.  The only problem is that she does not like to makeout, especially if there is tongue involved.  I (being the horny  year old boy I am) love tongue kissing and theres really nothing better than a good long makeout.  We made out once and I tried to use my tongue and then she got mad and stopped.  If we kiss its always just pecks on the lips.  I dont know how much longer I can stay in this relationship if I cant makeout with her.",0,124
43,I feel completely exhausted...is anyone else feeling this way? ,0,9
44,Are you bored of home life? ,0,6
45,"Men, do you like when a women takes an affectionate initiative? Or do you prefer to take the initiative This is in terms of hugs, cuddles, kisses, basically just shows of affect that aren't % sexual. I've experienced mixed opinions on this and am just curious.",0,46
46,"Men of Reddit, what are some good gift ideas for you guys on Valentine's Day? ",0,15
47,What do you think about men who only notice when women are gentle but not men? A guy I know does that and I kinda find it cringe but I can't explain why. Like he would compliment women's personalities and talk to me about it and that upsets me.,0,49
48,At/after what point did a girl become your girlfriend? What was the catalyst to cross that bridge-?,0,17
49,What do yall do after a girl you were with blocked you after parting ways ? ,0,16
50,"Guys, what do yall think of women whove broken up with you and block you everywhere ? ",0,17
51,"For those who play it safe as far as appearance, outfits, hair style/length, [no] makeup, etc., have you ever wanted to branch out of expectations? Did you try it? ",0,29
52,What are some signs of manipulation? ,0,6
53,What are  things that you are most skeptical about? ,0,9
54,"How do you guys behave when trying to get a FWB situation happening? I'm confused as I have not had this situation since I was an older teenager - and then it was just really obvious that's all it was, and I was fine with it.   
This guy has said he is not ready for a serious relationship due to recent divorce and trying to be there for his kids (background: he approached me for a dinner sometime, I had no idea he was interested until that point. He's my meter man, so there's a bit of professional awkwardness there).  After this was established (after he had already sent many flattering comments) I said I was only interested in a platonic friendship and like being single.   
But that has not dissuaded him - he still texts me compliments, initiates conversations and generally acts very flirtatious. To me, he seems confused about whether he is after a booty call or has developed feelings for me.   
So how do you guys behave when you are initiating a FWB situation compared to a relationship?",0,181
55,"Men with a ""promiscuous"" past. Are you able to commit or do you miss the excitement of being free? ",0,19
56,Need a serious advice ,0,4
57,Men of Reddit: What is something that instantly puts you off talking to someone romantically? ,0,15
58,Men of reddit: What is something that you have accomplished lately that you feel really good about? ,0,17
59,Am I superficial for caring about my appearance? ,0,8
60,Guy laughed at compliment? ,0,4
61,Am I superficial for caring about appearances? ,0,7
62,"Married men, how do you stay faithful to your partner?  I (F) dont really understand the concept of marriage because I feel like its natural to outgrow people, fall out of love with people, or have deeper connection with others as you experience more of life. Its hard for me to think that one person could love me for the rest of my life so Ive come to accept that I will be cheated on, as i have seen it happen to multiple people in my life (I tend to hang out with an older crowd).   So I want to know.. men who have been married for a long time (up to you to determine how long is a long time - could be one year lol) how hard is it to stay faithful to your spouse? Or what makes you want to be loyal to them?",0,147
63,"Men whose balls hurt when they sit down or cross their legs, how? ",0,13
64,How do you overcome the fear of being loved? ,0,9
65,Pleas help me with this ,0,5
66,"Have you had things ""womansplained"" to you? How did that situation go? Womansplained referring to the other side of mansplained, as is probably clear. A woman explaining things to you in a condescending manner under the assumption that she knows better than you (without having reason to be sure of that), while the opposite is true in these cases.",0,59
67,"Men +, what things triggers your nostalgic memories of your childhood and teenage times? ",0,14
68,What do men think when a woman complements them? ,0,9
69,Sleeping with a coworker ,0,4
70,I [m] and my [f] gf just broke up over a message I liked in my DMs from another girl ,0,20
71,What would you name this baby boy? [Link](https://filebin.net/rluhboarxpums/name_my_baby.png?t=oleuao),0,8
72,How do you carry on without your children ,0,8
74,Foreplay kills my erection ,0,4
75,"Fellow men of Reddit! At urinals we obviously lower our pants just enough to pee, but at home does anybody else lower their pants all the way down? Like it's my house and imma assert my dominance! ",0,37
76,Am I the only one who feels invisible ,0,8
77,Advice ,0,1
78,what makes life enjoyable? ,0,4
79,"married men, how did you know your wife is the one? ",0,11
80,"How much of a factor should my relationship with my wife's daughter have on our marriage? Married with  kids. Ones  and biological mine. Other is slightly older and from my wife's previous relationship. We get on. Just not well. I love my wife and my son. I love my step daughter. But it's not the same. And I know she can feel it too. I don't want to negatively impact her upbringing, but I don't want to miss out on my sons life. I've tried, so hard. But my poor relationship impacts me so much.",0,95
81,"How to find peace with yourself and finally embrace life for what it is? How to finally do the things you want to do, even after your therapist lets you go? Oh, and it's a long post, so I'm sorry in advance. ",0,42
82,"Men of reddit, can you be in love with a girl without being attracted to her? ",0,16
83,Do guys know when a friend has a crush on him? ,0,11
84,Proper way to greet/say goodbye to other men ,0,8
85,"Where do you draw the line for plates or LTR? I see so many posts referring to hookups as plates and where the line is drawn for LTR. 

Where do you draw the line?

Do you apply the same standard to yourself as you do the woman?",0,47
86,Guys how much does weight gain bother you in a relationship? I see a lot of men posting they are not attracted to their SO after they gained weight... I'm just curious how big of an issue is that to you.,0,41
87,"How to set up and enjoy a guys night?  I never really got a chance to enjoy a guys night much growing up and now I find I can easily get along with women and tend to feel like I want to go forward past friends with some of my female friends, that being said I now know I don't need to do that and feel like I need to arrange regular guys nights where I make more male friends. Thing is I am not into that whole house party scenario or anything sexualized since i've grown past that (for reasons I will not divulge despite my physical age at  years old I have seen that my mental age is much older so it's hard to get along with most people my age due to the immature behavior the majority have at times. So the stereotypical guys night with say drinking and playing poker, or other typical nights aren't my scene. Any ideas on how to go about a guys night so that I enjoy it?",0,176
88,"How do I set up and enjoy a guys night that isn't the stereotypical type? (serious) I never really got a chance to enjoy a guys night much growing up and now I find I can easily get along with women and tend to feel like I want to go forward past friends with some of my female friends, that being said I now know I don't need to do that and feel like I need to arrange regular guys nights where I make more male friends. Thing is I am not into that whole house party scenario or anything sexualized since i've grown past that (for reasons I will not divulge despite my physical age at  years old I have seen that my mental age is much older so it's hard to get along with most people my age due to the immature behavior the majority have at times. So the stereotypical guys night with say drinking and playing poker, or other typical nights aren't my scene. Any ideas on how to go about a guys night so that I enjoy it?",0,183
89,I got a DM from a girl I had a hookup with years ago and now my girl wants to break up with me what should I do men? ,0,29
90,"What gender doctor are you most comfortable with touching your junk? I ask this as a straight man. But for me personally, I am more comfortable with a male doctor.",0,30
91,"What has helped you overcome your trauma? A dear friend of mine has opened up to me about his trauma and I would like to support him however I can (books, conversations, etc.) So do y'all have any recommendations?",0,39
92,What Valentines Day gift should I get for my husband? ,0,10
93,"Whats your experience with FWB relationship? How often do you text each other? And meet up?
Do you go on dates?
Did anyone eventually catch feelings? 
How did it end?",0,30
94,Men of reddit what do you want for valentines day? ,0,10
95,"At what age did you become a ""grown ass man""? ",0,10
96,friendzone ,0,1
97,GUYS- I have a serious question. ,0,6
98,"What type of character traits would you like to see? Hello guys/dudes/bros/men/lads!

Sorry I didn't know which one to start with 

I'm a storywriter and the most difficult/frustrating thing I've found is writing and developing guy characters. I do the same procedure as I do when creating girl characters, just jumble up a bunch of character traits and get a new character smoothie, but I feel like there's more I could possibly do. One thing that I have noted is that many guy characters in animation act a certain way, and don't act a certain way; I don't remember seeing too many flamboyant guy characters growing up.

So here's a question to the men and boys of reddit, growing up, what were some attributes of guy characters you wished you could've seen growing up? Some women wish that there were more girl characters that could rely on themselves rather than a prince, is there anything like that for you guys?

(Sorry if I worded some things weird, I'm weird. )",0,170
99,Why makes a man deliberately pick negatively on a womans dress choice when all others have complimented on it? ,0,19
0,"Men of reddit, What do you want to ""small"" talk about with your barber? So for the guys that DO like talking to their hairstylist/barber, what would you like to be asked about, chat about, hear stories about, tell stories about? 

Especially during a covid world, things are depressing, what would you rather talk about?",0,55
1,"A dude u gamed with for a year or so and his long term girlfriend of yrs split. She hit you up , what are you doing? They stay hrs from me .",0,33
2,You meet your perfect partner. She asks you to give up porn. How do you proceed? ,0,16
3,"How do you deal with reaching the ""end"". I (M) am about to finish my masters degree next semester (agricultural sciences). It's terrible to go hunting for jobs, as most employers want working experience or a more specialiced degree for their field. I'm a musician simce i'm  years old, but since everyone always told me that i couldn't earn my bread with it and should get a poper education. So here i am, about to finish a masters degree, yet i feel like an absolute failure. I went to another country to get my degree, left my best friends, musician friends and family at home. I found a beauriful girlfriend that is truly perfect for me, and she keeps me in this neigbouring  contry. I love her and being with her. But i reached the point where i miss my old life and my family, i really miss my passion in music and performing, spending a lot of time on getting the artist i always wanted to be.
How do i cope with the fakt that all that's in it for me is trying to get a job, most likely one that i won't truly enjoy, as options are limited. Going back home is not an option, as i won't leave this woman for anything in the world. How am i supposed to deal with the fact that i have to drop my dreams and aspirations and just do something that pays the bills?",0,244
4,Is your right to use porn in a relationship a dealbreaker for you? ,0,13
6,"What does it mean when a coworker gives you their business card? Does it mean anything when a coworker gives me their business card? 

I am interning at this company and I met this guy and we talked for about an hour or so (about work and past experiences, but we did not discuss work if it makes sense, we dont really work together. hes in a different department)

I ended it by thanking him for his time and right when I was about to leave he gave me his business card and I wonder what would I do with it lol like why would I need it? his office is across the hall",0,114
7,Men who cyber cheat - does it go IRL? ,0,9
8,Would you give up porn for your perfect partner? ,0,9
9,Coworker gave me his business card ,0,6
10,"Men of Reddit, whats the biggest turn off for you? In a relationship, someone you like, a friend, family, stranger etc.",0,21
11,"Weird on a sub like this, but why are there so many girls and women who pretend that they are our world?  I'm okay if a girl or women is somewhat proud of achieving my proud of interest, but why are there so many girls believing we guys are willing to lose everything we build up over the last years?",0,60
13,What's the nicest thing any SO has ever done for you? ,0,11
14,"If I want to flirt with a guy and maybe get his number, what's the best way to do that? My brother said that it was weird to approach a guy and that I should wait for him to come to me, but fuck that. Seems patriarchal to me, so I wanna know what would make a guy the least uncomfortable.",0,61
15,"If you could change something about yourself, physical or mental, what and why? ",0,13
16,"How do you deal with not getting the job you applied for? I am a young  yo man just entering the work force with no prior experience, getting turned down due to not having experience just feels like getting sucker punched and dismotivating.",0,43
17,Do guys mind if a girl has zero experience with sex? ,0,11
18,question about 'urges' or 'desires' is it uncommon to not want those? ,0,12
19,What's the nicest thing a SO (past or present) has done for you? ,0,13
20,How would you feel if your partner preferred getting off to porn over fuck you(some of the time) ? ,0,19
21,"Men! Can we have an open and honest discussion about cleaning up and grooming? What does every man need to know? Not a lot of attention goes into dressing well, grooming well, cologne, lotions, shampoos, etc collectively; and most guys just ""figure it out"" or do whatever they've always done or whatever their lady suggests. I know there are some guys that rarely even wash their hands, so grooming and self care isn't very high on our priority list typically. But I submit my personal experience similar to that of Bill Burr, who had no clue skin ""dried out"" and that lotion was not just for girls. After this I started paying closer attention to skin care, facial care, hair care, looking and smelling good, grooming my beard, learning which colognes actually smell good, or better together, and to use much less of them, among other ""hacks"" that make my quality of life so much better as a man.

What are the best ""grooming hacks"" all men need to know?",0,170
23,Do guys mind if a girl has zero experience with sex ,0,11
24,why have sex with a woman you dislike when you could just masturbate? ,0,13
25,How do you guys deal with being dumped by the love of your life? ,0,14
26,How do you deal with the loss of your pets? I just lost my two beautiful cats today and I don't know what to do.,0,25
27,Wife cheated with my best friend ,0,6
28,"whats the best way to tell a guy you dont want to have sex without making it awkward? like i understand you can just say it and thats enough, but whats the best way",0,34
29,"How would you give yourself the best chance at surviving a situation where you have to defend yourself, WITHOUT attending martial arts or self-defence classes? I work in a small shop in a rough area. Drink and drugs are rife in the area and although I try to de-escalate any situation that arises, some of these people literally can not be reasoned with. They will lose their shit over the smallest things and start on other customers or members of staff.

I was hoping to hear some ideas about how one could best prepare for a physical altercation, without attending any sort of classes. Due to availability, the times I work and cost, I am not able to attend any classes. Just to be clear I am not a fighter and don't want to fight. I just think everyone should mitigate risk if they can and would like to prepare myself to be able to survive a situation like this. It seems more and more likely every week that something may happen. Thanks.",0,173
31,"Married men, how do you react if your mom is being a crappy MIL? ",0,14
33,High salary high stress or low salary low stress? How the hell can I find happiness with a job. Please be honest.. ,0,22
34,"How am I supposed to move forward in my relationship after a major issue. Hey members of r/askmen , I am really going through a shitty situation right now. My girlfriend and I have been in a serious relationship for about a year and a half now. Everything has been going great. We have a great emotional relationship and a great physical relationship and I couldnt be happier. That was until today when she decides that she wants to stop having sex because she thinks its a sin and wants to be closer with god.  

Her and I are both religious but we both agreed that waiting until marriage was really dumb. I personally do not agree with it, and find it pointless, but to each their own. This has really driven a wedge between us, and Im very lost on where to proceed. I love her and want to be with her but her out of the blue decision has really hurt me emotionally. I dont know if I am prepared to wait potentially - years for us to get married and have sex again. 

I have always felt that sex was a very important part of a relationship. It is very important to have a strong physical relationship and emotional relationship, but this just seems like such a step backwards.  I wouldnt be so upset if we didnt have sex in the first place, but we had it very often and it was great. It makes no sense to me why she just now is deciding that she wants to wait. I mean the genie is out of the bottle so I dont think you can undo it lol. 

Im not sure if any of you guys have gone through something similar but any guidance would mean the world. I love my girlfriend but Im afraid this could be a deal breaker for me.",0,316
35,Did I mess up? ,0,4
36,"Gentlemen, how will you spoil your lady during the coming Valentine's Day in lockdown? ",0,14
37,"Men who are mostly attracted to older women (by a few years or many years), how difficult has it been to date? I've found that generally women go for older men. This is a trend you see across all ages. It's common for teen girls to date a guy who is in his early s because they say that guys their age are 'immature'.

So with that in mind, do men who are attracted to women the same age/ older than them find it hard to get dates?",0,88
38,"What's up with the height of urinals? Do you ever walk up to a urinal and think that it's too high up?  Are they designed with the intention that I need to piss aiming up, because that's just chaotic. I'm not even below average height which just means it's an even greater nightmare for others. My only solution for this is just opting for the child size ones.",0,68
39,Do men get rushes of blood to the penis/mini boners around women they like? ,0,14
40,"Aside from the negatives, what have you accomplished during lockdown? I wanna hear some positivity boys, we need it. I have gotten a lot stronger over lockdown by literally doing a few pushups/chinups every odd hour. I also have had more time for my passion. Music. I'm proud that I'm keeping it together. Is there anything you've done over lockdown which your proud of? It could be anything, no matter how big or small.",0,74
41,Sugar mummy legal or not ,0,5
42,Have you ever had a hard time getting over someone you never dated? Like a crush who rejected you or something? ,0,21
43,"How do I make friends as an adult? I know this is posted somewhat frequently but I havent seen any answers that apply to me.

Throughout school making friends came easy for me. In high school I felt like I was friends with everyone, I could hang out with any group and it was natural (small school). In college I made quite a few friends freshman year but they all either dropped out or moved away.

Now Im , starting an independently driven career, and in a healthy long-term relationship (she also has trouble making new connections/finding time to make friends).

I really like playing sports, playing music, smoking, drinking, and just doing stuff. My struggle is finding someone to do this stuff with. I dont have the funds to frequent bars and just approaching strangers feels forced anyways. How do I make new friendships with other men without it being weird?",0,152
45,Men who like hairy vagenes; why? ,0,6
46,Hair lovers! ,0,2
47,I am  at .. How tall am i probably going to end up? Am i likely to become  / ? ,0,20
48,company recently posted the position that i recently got hired for..what should i do? ,0,14
49,"Alright gentleman, whats the longest pee stream time you ever had? ",0,11
50,"Men, have you ever had sex with a lesbian? How was the experience? ",0,13
51,"Fellow Indian men, what has been your experience with Tinder in India? ",0,12
52,Have you ever blatantly friendzoned a woman you were attracted to? ,0,11
53,Men who were raised by abusive MOTHERS... How has it affected your relationships with MEN? ,0,15
54,"Why is it taboo to ask women how many previous sexual partners they had? Ive seen other other posts about this and the comments usually end up going along the lines of, hell only care if hes insecure or its not my business.

I absolutely think its relevant information to know when determining a long term partner.",0,57
55,Has this happened to you all? ,0,6
56,How did you lose the ol' v-card? ,0,7
57,What financial advice would you give yourself at ? ,0,9
58,What life lesson do you wish your father had been taught before he had children? ,0,15
59,How can I increase my penis size ? ,0,8
60,What are some good questions to ask a date or keep the conversation rolling? [deleted],0,15
61,What could be the name of this first person shooter of the second half of the s? ,0,17
62,How long did it take you to bench a plate for one rep? I've been benching for almost  months and I can barely get ,0,24
63,What experiences do you have in combating inappropriate behaviour/comments towards women/girls? [deleted],0,12
64,Understanding Mid Life Crisis ,0,4
66,Admitting something and need other guys input. ,0,7
67,What's your favourite bittersweet moment with her? ,0,7
68,What would be the reason for you to swipe left? I just can't think of any....,0,16
69,How many times do you wear a pair of jeans before washing? I normally wear about  to  times or until they begin smell even after airing out.,0,27
70,"How much does a degree matter in a later stage of your career? 

Hello my fellow men,

I'm in search of a piece of advice or just anything that might help me make a decision, probably from the more experienced part of this community. I'm having some difficulties with making a good decision regarding the future of my professional career so I thought I could turn to you guys.

Some background:   
I'm  years old and have been working as a procurement consultant for  years. The client is a large chemical company where I'm part of the EMEA sourcing team. I've always wanted to be a consultant and enter the corporate world, which wasn't easy. I have a Master's degree in Criminological Sciences (wasn't the best student in my day, it was tough but I made it nonetheless) and I hoped that the degree would open the doors to consultancy. At first it didn't, but my current employer decided to hire me anyway and things have been good until a few weeks ago. 

I've been given positive feedback by the client time and time again. I've proven myself over and over to be a good employee but this didn't reflect itself in my salary review. It seems they don't really care about me and they just want me to remain billable. During a call with my manager at the client I found out that I should/could be making  k more annually and he advised to revise my plans for the future. My ambitions are to reach middle management and keep my options open for a higher position if I'd wish to in the future. The thing is, I don't have an economical background.

How big is the impact of a master's degree in economics when your career is already advanced? Do I combine study with work now that I'm still young (will be tough and idk if it is feasible) or doesn't this have any added value? I'm just scared that I'll remain stuck somewhere at the bottom until my retirement because I don't have the necessary qualifications on paper. 

Would you guys advise to just keep gaining experience and doing a good job or would you go back to studying to open up other opportunities with other employers and possibly having a shot at achieving my goals for the future?


Any feedback is massively welcome!

Thanks in advance :)",0,399
71,im finna give up ,0,4
72,"Someone, please explain Thank You ",0,5
73,Hello guys less fuck here is my number () - ,0,10
74,"Men of Reddit, why are u gae? ",0,7
75,"Straight men - what's the story behind the closest you've masturbated to another straight male in a non-sexual situation? I know this seems highly specific, but one of my friends told me, ""Hey remember back when we were  and \[*friend b*\] told me how freeing it felt to swim naked and I asked you to turn your back for like  mins so I could try it since no one else was home?""

Cue tentative yes.

""Yeah it felt nice and I whacked off. Not only was it in your pool but I felt guilty the last decade over jacking it  feet from you and I just want it off my shoulders.""

I laughed and made sure he knew it was no big deal but it made me wonder how often this stuff happens with others.",0,135
76,I am  with a sensitive penis . How do I make it less sensitive so I am able to touch it comfortably? ,0,22
77,AskMen: Getting very upset over something that happened to me. Even though I told him it was resolved. Why? ,0,19
78,"Men of Reddit, how many of you can identify your keys or a set of keys just by the sound they make? It's something I've always thought about haha. If someone took a bunch of people's keys/keychains and had me try to guess mine blindfolded, I could just about guarantee I could pick mine out. Same goes for other friends who have multiple keys, I can usually guess/hear someone coming a mile away just based on the sound alone. I'm musically inclined and have very good relative pitch, so maybe this has something to do with it ",0,97
80,Why do you have NO info on your dating app bios? What is the incentive to match with you? ,0,19
81,Can you list the type of nude pictures you like from greatest go least ? ,0,15
82,Turning  in a few more days and I still sound and look like Im . Does anyone have any tips on deepening my voice or maybe looking older? ,0,28
83,Sex experience with escort ,0,4
84,How much fapping is too much? ,0,6
85,"Has a compliment from a woman ever made you change the way you see yourselves? If so how? A coworker and myself recently got to talking at work after avoiding each other for months thinking we didn't like each other. Sh e complemented me saying i have a nice smile and should smile more. Now this was because i generally am a reserved, keep to myself type. I never smile for photos and generally don't smile much. I've never liked my look when i smile. And i realize she really meant it because she's a sweet person and we've been talking now and then and it feels genuine. What matters more to me is that i've really took to smiling more and it honestly makes me feel so in peace with myself and express my emotions truly instead of keeping a straight face all the time.

I really learnt to love smiling at people because of her and i thing that's quite an effect for someone to have on me.",0,170
87,Do you think it is normal/okay to talk to an ex while in a new relationship? ,0,16
88,Men - what is your rape story? ,0,7
89,When to know when a guy is flirtatious vs flirting with you? Please be serious with your replies.,0,18
90,"How do I ask my girlfriend to pay sometimes? So, i'm in a relationship with a girl I really care about and we love each other. However, I'm a bit too easy and just pay for everything. My girlfriend is very sweet and isn't using me and sometimes she offers to pay, but I feel awful if I agree to let her do so. I'm not making a lot of money; I work as a grocery stocker in a supermarket fulltime while a student in college and she's a receptionist. School starts up next week and I cant work as much because of school so that means less money. I feel almost emasculated at the idea of asking her to pay.",0,121
91,How would you want to be asked out on Valentines Day? ,0,11
92,"Hey, Men of Reddit, would you say you prefer silent or outgoing women and why? ",0,15
93,"Still pretty new to Reddit but thought it would be fun to ask questions since it is anonymous! Guys whats the most embarrassing thing your wife has caught you doing? How did she react? 
To be honest the reason Im asking I recently got busted doing something I would have never her imagine her seeing me do. Lets just say it was a lil weird for a couple of days afterwards.",0,71
94,"Worried if I have Erectile Dysfunction,  years old ",0,8
95,"We've taken huge recent steps on highlighting problems that women face in the workplace, what can society do to highlight the issues men face? ",0,24
96,What should I do if I want my partner to shave his beard? ,0,13
97,"How to help someone who is desperate for female attention? Hi everyone! My little brother totally went out of character and did something very irresponsible due to wanting (cheap) female attention. The family has been worried. Wonder how you guys overcome this? Any advice for him? Many thanks for your time!

A rundown of events without any subjective commentary:
- My brother is  years old, spends more time with computers than humans. Has never dated. The closest was going to a party with a girl. Hasnt done anything more than holding hands. 
- Around late December the family was in Mexico City, planning to go to Cancn for Christmas and New Years.
- We had all been very careful with the COVID situation. We always wear masks when going out, limit contact with strangers, and stay inside our Airbnb % of the time.
- We were also aware that we were in a foreign country. We barely went out after dark.
- One day, brother said he met a Mexican girl on Tinder and was going for an afternoon coffee date the next day. We were all happy for him.
- The next day he left for coffee around pm.
- At pm he said hed dine with the girl and her friends. Will be back after dinner.
- At pm he sent a pic of himself with two girls and one guy in a bar/restaurant WITHOUT masks. The two girls wore a lot of makeup and revealing clothing. There were beer bottles on the table. We were slightly concerned but he appeared sober and promised to be home around pm.
- At pm he said hes going to his dates home to drink on the balcony. We werent very comfortable. We asked him questions that can only be answered when hes sober and has free will, made him send us the girls home address and start location sharing. He said hed be home around midnight.
- Around midnight he said hes not coming home tonight. We were all shocked. But nothing we could do other than verifying the girls address and ask him to use protection.
- He came home safe and sound the next morning (thank goodness). Saying he had fun because that was the first time a girl had agreed to meet him. They danced on the balcony all night. He enjoyed spending time with her because she liked him a lot. Even though she doesnt speak English and he doesnt speak Spanish. 
- He admitted not wearing a mask while dining and dancing (none of his dates friends did either). Given that his aunt just completed a surgery  weeks ago and was still recovering (hes fully aware. As a matter of fact hes close to his aunt and had been prioritizing time to care for her), we decided we should all start wearing masks even when at home and he should stay away from aunt. 
- He continued talking to this girl for several days. One night he left home at pm to see her and unplanningly spent the night again (no one else in the family ever left home after dark).
- Some time before Christmas (and one week after meeting this girl) he said he wouldnt be joining us in Cancun. He would spend the holidays with this girl in Mexico City. He will book his own Airbnb. 
- We wondered how good was the connection and/or the sex. Somehow the only reasoning he mentioned was she liked him, she wanted to spend time with him, she taught him dancing. There were no words of how much he liked her, how they overcame the language barrier and made a connection, how good was the sex, etc.

I think the above is all the relevant information. For closure - they broke up before Christmas and he ended up joining the family in Cancun (surprise!) Contrary to our belief that he was deeply in love with the girl, he wasnt. He said there were a lot of differences between them; he wasnt going for sex and didnt have sex. so it turns out he was just in love with the attention she gave him. And such attention was sufficient to turn him into a selfish, crazy, and irresponsible person wed never know. 

Later he was very apologetic to the family, but he kept emphasizing that was the first time a girl was interested enough to meet him. We understand his pain, but we dont think he saw the real problem. Nothing wrong with going to see a girl; but the reason for seeing the girl (she agreed to meet him, she gave him attention) is horrible. Dating is not about receiving attention. Totally losing character not for love but for attention is both astonishing and pathetic. 

He mentioned he may do some affordable traveling in third world countries. Is it a good idea for him to meet more foreign girls via Tinder? We think it can be dangerous if he accepts anything from any girl who shows interest in him. If he doesnt travel how can we help him overcome such desperation for attention and start healthy dating in the US? He needs a girlfriend but we want him to do so in a safe, healthy way.

Thank you in advance for any help!",0,888
98,"I need advice about pencils, any artist here? ",0,8
99,"Men of reddit, when was the last time someone outside of your family complimented you? ",0,15
0,What negative statement or insult about you is most likely to trigger you? ,0,13
1,"What statement or insult is most likely to trigger you, if any? [deleted]",0,13
2,Which film left a profound and meaningful impact on you? ,0,10
3,Have you ever been close to breaking up with your current SO? How did it work out? ,0,17
4,"Men that have had their minds changed on gun control, either for or against, what happened? ",0,16
5,Did I ruin the chance to be his friend after a bad hookup? ,0,13
6,Am I missing out on something? ,0,6
7,Do you guys do skincare? ,0,5
8,Do you guys do skincare? (Female) ,0,6
10,"How many sexual partners do you consider too high? As a  year old myself, it seems that majority of the people I know (in the same age group) have been with - people. Then of course, there are some who are +. Taking into account, highschool, college, drinking/partying through your 's, how would you categorize someone who had  past sexual partners?",0,61
11,Do you consider  past sexual relations more on the modest side or too high? ,0,14
12,"Men who dont watch porn, why dont you? I just read a comment recently that stated any man who says he doesnt watch porn is a liar. That all men watch it. I want to know if there are men who do not watch it, and if so, why that is? When did you stop watching it? Did you notice any changes in your life after cutting it out?",0,69
13,"In today's society, would you categorize a  year old with  past sexual partners as modest, average, or too high? ",0,19
14,"How should I ask a guy if hes interested in having sex with me? Long story short, I had a drunken hookup with a friend a few days ago. Theres many weird factors involved like Im way in my late s and hes in his early s. Im very sexually experienced and hes not (Im only his second partner). Hes not the smash and dash hook up type in the slightest. We are both single af and arent having sex with other people. It just kind of happened, the sex was fun and I was impressed despite us being sloppy drunk. We both initiated it, but he was far less drunk then me. I had thought about him sexually soberly many times before anything ever happened. 
We talked the next day over text. He was mature and wanted to make sure things wouldnt be weird between us. We both agreed that we arent spreading the news of our hook up around. I saw him briefly yesterday and honestly, he was a little weird and barely made eye contact with me. I texted him a little while later and asked if he was okay. It took him a while to respond, but it was business as usual and just friendly whatever texts. I made no moves and wasnt flirty at all.
Heres the problem, I would be interested in having a sexual relationship with him. Im not looking for a boyfriend or have weird expectations of anything. I just want a FWB with emphasis on the friend part and could use some general NSA sex. I have no idea where his head is at with all. He told told me that he really enjoyed the experience with me though and I know he liked it. Hes fairly nerdy, so I think even if he was interested in hooking up again, hed have no idea how to approach me and as the older one, I think I would need to take the lead. 
I dont know what my next move should be. Do I just leave it all alone and just be chill as his friend? Im a really forward person, so I just want to be like hey, whats up, wanna come over and fuck around? Would that flatter a guy or freak him out? Help!

Tl:dr - Fun drunk hook up with a much younger guy whos a friend, but hes inexperienced and kind of awkward. How can see if hed liked to do it again and what do I say? Or do I just walk away and smile over the one night stand.",0,434
15,What do you do when youre lonely? ,0,7
16,Are pussies actually attractive? Do they look attractive or its just the feel you like?I am so curious and kinda insecure.,0,21
17,Is there a number of past sexual partners that would turn you off and prevent you from moving forward with someone ? ,0,22
18,VYNE Therapeutics Inc. (VYNE) being held down by institutions. Guy's Help me out getting VYNE Therapeutics Inc. (VYNE) moving up its being held down by institutions. I could use a break on this one.,0,34
19,Is it true that feminine women more attractive ,0,8
20,Its if true that feminine women more attractive ,0,8
21,"Am I missing out on something? I () have never been in a relationship before. Not even a fling. Not that I couldn't but I always avoided them. I like my independence more than anything but I've found out in lockdown that I feel lonely more than often. Or least to say, I'd obviously feel less lonely if I had someone close to talk to. I have close friends and acquaintances but sometimes I just feel 'empty'. Couple of girls have approached me but I never took it so far. Should I put myself out there in the dating world or just enjoy the solitude till something impromptu comes along my way? Anyone in the same boat? Any experiences to share? Any advice is appreciated.",0,125
22,"Are western societies antagonizing men too much? Just want your opinions. I feel like lately there's been a real drive towards exposing toxic masculinity, and it just seems like its lumping all men into this image. I don't think it's fair. 

I'm not here to defend the behavior of toxic men, just simply stating my observations.",0,56
23,"Men who were raised by abusive FATHERS: how has it affected your relationships with women? I was inspired by a post today ""**Men who were raised by abusive mothers...how has it affected your relationships with women?"",** and wanted to know about how abusive fathers and their impact on a man's relationship with their significant others.",0,55
24,"How many people do you think is common for a  year old to have slept with? Of course this is dependent on a lot of different factors but curious to see what you think is quite common? I live in the U.S. and it seems that majority of the people I know from around town have likely been with - people. Even those close friends of mine who intentionally didn't sleep around or have ANY drunk hook ups is still around - people (due to relationships). So what do you feel is quite common?

-

-

-

-

-

+",0,100
25,what to do if you're too ugly for dating? I feel like I'm too ugly to get a girl I'm  and haven't had my first kiss or sex I look in the mirror and think I'm ugly and every girl I ask out says no I have a decent career as a neonatal nurse and I'm in shape with my own place. I think I've done everything I can to max out my attractiveness so my question is what can you do If you are too ugly for dating? I would like to be a father but I guess I'm too ugly to even form a connection.,0,107
26,"Guys, what are the small habits that women do without even noticing and annoy you or that you just don't get? (I go first : I don't get why they stubbornly wear their sunglasses as a headband; then complain that their hair is in their face when the sun is out, when they could use... a headband) ",0,57
27,"Help! I'm feel like I'm at a crossroads in my life and feel lost.. Hello my fellow men,

I'm in search of a piece of advice or just anything that might help me make a decision, probably from the more experienced part of this community. I'm having some difficulties with making a good decision regarding the future of my professional career so I thought I could turn to you guys.

Some background:   
I'm  years old and have been working as a procurement consultant for  years. The client is a large chemical company where I'm part of the EMEA sourcing team. I've always wanted to be a consultant and enter the corporate world, which wasn't easy. I have a Master's degree in Criminological Sciences (wasn't the best student in my day, it was tough but I made it nonetheless) and I hoped that the degree would open the doors to consultancy. At first it didn't, but my current employer decided to hire me anyway and things have been good until a few weeks ago. 

I've been given positive feedback by the client time and time again. I've proven myself over and over to be a good employee but this didn't reflect itself in my salary review. It seems they don't really care about me and they just want me to remain billable. During a call with my manager at the client I found out that I should/could be making  k more annually and he advised to revise my plans for the future. My ambitions are to reach middle management and keep my options open for a higher position if I'd wish to in the future. The thing is, I don't have an economical background.

How big is the impact of a master's degree in economics when your career is already advanced? Do I combine study with work now that I'm still young (will be tough and idk if it is feasible) or doesn't this have any added value? I'm just scared that I'll remain stuck somewhere at the bottom until my retirement because I don't have the necessary qualifications on paper. 

Would you guys advise to just keep gaining experience and doing a good job or would you go back to studying to open up other opportunities with other employers and possibly having a shot at achieving my goals for the future?

&amp;#xB;

Any feedback is massively welcome!

Thanks in advance :)",0,401
28,"What amount of previous sexual partners would you consider to be too many? If a girl told you the number of sexual partners she has had in the past, what would be too many? And would it change the way you feel about her?",0,44
29,Change my mind! No fap works. Ive reseached everything about this and there is clear evidence that fapping is bad for your health and psyche! OPEN YOUR EYES.,0,28
30,"Where does a  year old man who has let himself go, fitness wise, to get back into shape the right and smart way? ",0,23
31,"What are your thoughts on women agreeing to a date only if the man pays for it? I've been out of the dating game for a long time, but I hear more and more friends telling me that very often when one of them invites a woman to a date (not only the first one) she agrees but only on the condition that he pays for whatever is planned.

In some cases this women have financial issues, in other cases there is no obvious reason for this behavior except maybe ""tradition"" or an interested in being spoiled.

I see some of my friends getting extremely offended by this and react by cancelling the date. In other cases they feel indifferent and think that they might pay for this round and she'll offer to pay for the next one. Some others think it's their role to be a provider and are perfectly OK with it.

What are your thoughts about it? Does it happen often to you? What do you think it's the proper reaction to something like this?",0,178
32,"Wide + thin condom recommendation **tl;dr: I am specifically looking for condoms that are wider than mm and as thin as possible (at most um thin).**

I know there are a few threads on here about favourite condoms, but I thought I'd ask about this specifically since I've tired myself out researching it and thought maybe somebody knew something.

The condoms I get at health clinics such as durex and more recently EXS Regular (which are mm wide) are too tight and also quite thick (um) so I don't really feel much. That spurred my curiousty to research the perfect condom for me. It's really hard to find this specific combination of wide and thin. I settled on Kimono Microthin Large for now (mm wide, um thin), but I'm looking for other options.  I wish I could use those fancy Okamoto s (um thick) but even the Large I suspect will be too tight (since they're mm wide). I also wish I could use Skyn as I often see them highly recommended, but from what I've found (correct me if I'm wrong) they don't have wider than mm.",0,188
33,"Rape accusations I am a man, so I was thinking about this today.

When hooking up with a woman willingly, after getting consent from her, aren't you men afraid of getting accused of raping her? Just because she wants to, finds it funny or regrets the quality of the sex.",0,50
34,Men of Reddit what is something you do regularly that you wouldnt want your wife catching you doin? ,0,18
35,"Is this .. normal? So I was reminiscing this time last year and remembered that day when a guy got hard when I made prolonged eye contact with him. He was just an acquaintance-friend and we were talking for a few hours. He then stood up to go and it was all Gucci we were joking and then after a pause I stared at him because I got lost in thought and he stared back but then stopped blinking, his face changed (save me) and he made an expression I've never seen before before I noticed.. he was just about to go but alas awkwardness wasn't saved and we never spoke again, which is a shame because we got on real good pft

Thing is .. I'm wondering if this is common? I felt like it was my fault - did I do something wrong? 

We're both in our 's",0,150
36,"Fellow Men of Reddit, what do you do in a situation where you're being scolded by your parent(s) / teacher / boss, and you're having a hard time controlling your laughter? In my opinion, that's the worst. My first semester didn't go as good as I had planned, and my Dad was talking to me about it on a serious note, but I really couldn't control my laughter, even though there was absolutely nothing funny about the situation.... I somehow managed to get out of it but what about you?",0,90
37,"Women who are physically fit and my most standards attractive, whay would attract you to less fit more average looking men? ",0,21
38,"Is it normal for music to be ""playing"" in my head when I""m not thinking about anything in particular? I'm a little worried because it happens very often. 

Thanks in advance",0,31
39,What's your favourite intro song from TV shows? ,0,8
40,"What does a guy mean when he says ""you're my type but I value more our friendship rn.""? I'm a woman and I have this workmate who also became my friend. I'm getting a bit confused lately on my feelings since he keeps on asking me to hangout after work hours. It looks like I'm getting interested with him also. Lol what should I do? 

(Not sure if this is the right sub for this haha)",0,76
41,Cumming (inside) (   ) My girlfriend wants me to ejaculate inside her (she's using oral birth control and take it in the same time everyday) . Is the chance of her getting pregnant will be high depends on how deep or shallow I ejaculated inside?,0,45
42,Money (Seriously)How legally earn  hrivnas (** $)  for two days ?**,0,11
43,"Men of Reddit, what reasons would you introduce a woman you are seeing to your friends? ",0,16
44,Is it okay to killed a part of yourself in the way of loving someone ? ,0,16
45,"Missing the ex girlfriend although having a gf atm. Any advise? So i got together with my ex in may  and she broke up like  monthes later for no particular reason. We had a great time and a lot of fun together.  I had no chance to ""finish"" the realtionship. It was just over. 
Some depressed time later i met that new girl (she even uses reddit!!) and we got together a few weeks later. She is that girl and I always have a great time with her and I've been with her for + months. 
Kind of important fact: She lives in Spain and I live in Germany.
But from time to time I think about my ex gf and sometimes even missing her in some way. She even texted me and said that she kinda misses me, but I rejected her because she broke my heart. It feels weird..
Any advise or similar experience? 
(English is not my st language, so if you find mistakes, have fun with them)",0,171
46,"How do you know you can trust someone? How do you know you can trust someone completely? What criterion you use to do that? Also, how long do you have to know the person before you completely trust the person? Thanks!",0,41
47,Can I have advice car shopping? ,0,6
48,"""Missing"" the ex girlfriend although I have a gf atm ",0,10
49,Fantasies vs reality ,0,3
50,"I was told women cant love the way men do. I dont believe this to be true - but if it is, what can I do to show my love to a man so he believes me? (Im a woman) ",0,40
51,Car shopping ,0,2
53,"What should a wife do to her husband on Feb , for making him happy? Wifey here, asking this to know what can I do to surprise my man, that's it.",0,31
54,"Men, what would you expect from your wife for Valentine's day? ",0,11
55,Have you ever been in a relationship just because of sex? ,0,11
56,"Men of Reddit, what do you think of the phrase if he wanted to, he would? ",0,16
57,Writing Fictional Characters ,0,3
58,"Dudes, do you think second hand clothes are okay presents? ",0,10
59,What's your favorite rock song? ,0,5
60,Do your balls ache when you sit weirdly? Happens to me all the time. Ill sit weirdly on em then suddenly they are in full pain for m+,0,28
61,Was he a commitment phobe or was he a cheater? ,0,10
62,Cheating or commitment phobe? ,0,4
63,Do you feel dating as an average guy is pointless in ? ,0,12
64,Today I washed a piece of cloth for a girl after detention even though she could have done it herself. Was I a pushover for doing this? ,0,27
65,Today a girl asked me to wash a piece of cloth for her during detention and I agreed even though she could have done it herself. Am I a push over for this? ,0,33
66,Should one be insecure of really high and protruding cheekbones? Why? ,0,11
67,"Im [M] losing desire for my girlfriend [F] of two years, but I have a strong desire to sleep with other people. I dont know what to do, I'm looking for advice or similar experiences. Over the last two years, I have felt my desire for my GF grow less and less. But my desire to sleep with other people remains fairly high. I have tried to open about the latter, and she feels threatened by the former, which I am not as open about. I dont know how to increase my desire for her, or what she could do to be more seductive to me. Its not completely gone, just very inconsistent. We have our issues, but I genuinely adore her and shes objectively very attractive. But I feel like I focus on her physical flaws more and more, and just dont seem to be in the mood as often as I used to be. Often the sex is still great, but I dont think I ever feel the same desire that I once did, and she notices. I obviously dont want to cheat on her, and she isnt comfortable with the idea of swinging unless my desire for her increases to match her sex drive. Although I have suggested that swinging could potentially be a way she could satisfy her desire for more sex. But she seems to only want me, which doubles my guilt and confusion over my decreasing desire. I dont have many kinks that she doesnt satisfy, my strongest desires seem to be about swinging, group sex, orgies and just being with other people.

This is what I wanted to post months ago, but I simply couldnt get myself to open up. In the end. It was too late. We ended up breaking up over both of our issues with each other. And Im upset about my failure to address my issues. I am still motivated to work on myself and figure out the patterns. Im trying to see a therapist, but its just so expensive. What advice would you have given in this situation? Has anyone else been in a similar situation before? Id love to hear your thoughts, critiques, advice and experiences.",0,369
68,What defines a friend? As a high school senior I am now wondering if the people I have called friends for years are really my friends. I understand that there are no rules or criteria for a friend but I am curious as to what the word means to other men. Thanks for any replies.,0,55
69,I had a traumatic childhood and late 's. I can't work/concentrate on anything because of this and feel suicidal everyday. What should I do? ,0,24
70,How do you overcome the idea that men should be studs to be considered manly? ,0,15
71,Bit of a strange question.  ,0,5
72,How young is too young for a  year old? ,0,9
73,Do you guys wear parfum or cologne to work? ,0,9
74,"Serious question, how do you ignore a fantasy crush while in a committed relationship? ",0,14
75,Why do men? ,0,3
76,"Since my husband won't tell me why - men of reddit, why would would you keep in contact with a woman you previously slept with? The woman he slept with was in a relationship (they got married a few months later but eventually divorced - all these I know because my husband is apparently updated on her life) when they slept together. He has moved in  different countries while we are together and apparently has given both his numbers to her. I only found out recently because I went through his WhatsApp and her number was in his WhatsApp block list under the name of a chemist we go to but a selfie of the girl. Anyway, he won't tell me why he kept in contact with her so I'm asking all other men what reasons would you have for doing such a thing.",0,144
77,"Men who had dense hair once, then experienced heavy hairfall, did you succeed in getting the density back? How? ",0,19
78,Is it weird to wear parfum to work at an office? ,0,11
79,Ghosted BEFORE sex ,0,3
80,Are there any real apps or sites that are for people that just want sexual encounters? ,0,16
81,How do I flirt with you? ,0,6
82,"Dear Men, What Are Your Tips for a Woman Who Has Trouble Initiating Sex? I know this probably sounds silly. It should be easy, right? Just do anything, say ""hey let's fuck,"" something like that. But what are more subtle/other ways I can try? I've had a history of trauma that doesn't need going into, but it's led to me rarely being in a place with the agency to ask for sex or make the first move - and that makes it extremely difficult for me to be vocal when I do want sex as I'm still not used to having that option. I can think it in my head, but i can't really get the words out quite right. I don't want my husband to think I'm not attracted to him or I'm uninterested in the physical aspect of our relationship (bc it's GOOD and I'm a FAN, oof). I'm trying to think of ways that aren't ""hey, let's fuck/wanna have sex"" because I'm not quite comfortable saying that even when I'm thinking it. Are there actions or maybe a different phrasing that has worked from women you've been with? I've definitely initiated before, it's not that I'm completely incapable! Our sex life is overall incredibly healthy and more frequent than most - I'm just hoping for ideas, I guess? Different ways to show I want to initiate, if that makes sense. I hope this gets seen, and thanks in advance for any advice if it does! am is a weird time to post, haha.",0,256
83,Men who love Star Wars: is this a cooo poster? Is it worth the money? ,0,15
84,"How do I tell my dad that I don't want to continue/inherit his business? I am a fresh graduate, I studied aeronautical engineering and was about to get my license if it wasn't for the pandemic. My dad is the typical Dad boomer, that believes in ""work hard"" rather than ""work smart"". The business is about water pumps, and other services related to water systems. Growing up I've seen him work hard as hell, over fixated to his job waking up at  am and starts working immediately until am. I realized that this isn't the type of business I would want because of how little free time he had. Currently, I spend my time learning chess, reading, cooking, working out, playing video games, and helping my dad out whenever he needs something done. But my dad sees everything I do that's not related to his business, a waste of time. I am now in a tough spot since I am stuck in his house, being pressured everyday. The look on his face whenever he sees me paints nothing but disappointment. Believe me I've tried to convince myself to get into his business, thinking that it doesn't matter as long as I'm gonna make money, but it just doesn't work out mainly because of how he treats people like garbage, including me.",0,221
85,Is there any way to stick by a guy who is searching for his purpose in life and not ready for anything serious? ,0,23
86,What made you realize you might be average? ,0,8
87,What's your best crazy teacher story? ,0,6
88,MOVIE ,0,1
89,"I intend on beating my father. How extreme is my standpoint? I am . I do not appreciate being beaten with a belt as a child. Or being threatened with beatings. Especially for things I was innocent of. 

My dad had a much more horrible and violent upbringing than I did. I told him when I was  that I was still upset about the beatings. He was unapologetic. I have barely talked to him since. But if he loses his strength, I plan to beat him horribly with a belt. 

Am I insane? Am I supposed to be over this by now? An apology would be so easy, but he is choosing this path. I truly feel as if beating him with a belt and recreating the scenes from my childhood with the roles reversed will make a deep part of my mind feel a lot better, and can truly open the door for healing. 

Anyone have any stories of getting extremely cold revenge on their father?",0,167
90,"Join our -minute online study on people's perceptions of dance movement. On completion of the study, you have the option to enter a prize draw. https://r.jyu.fi/DBO ",0,26
91,"Looking for participants for a -minute online study on people's perceptions of dance movement. On completion of the study, participants have the option to enter a prize draw. Full details available here: https://r.jyu.fi/DBO ",0,33
92,Straight men of Reddit: Whats something that turns you on that isnt sexual ,0,13
93,How would you feel if your child made a sexual onlyfans? ,0,11
94,"My buddy is freaking out because we had a drunken night, and shared a bed in our undies. Nothing happened. How do I calm him down? (Serious) We have been friends for years and know each other well, so Im trying to understand why he would react that way. For the longest time, Ive thought hes straight but he flirted heavy that night and couldnt tell if he was joking or testing the waters. If he thinks he is curious, how do I reassure him. I dont want to lose a good friend.",0,93
95,How to initiate conversation with an attractive man when youre shy? ,0,11
96,Has anyone experienced sharp quick pains in their lower abdomen that happen occasionally over many months? If so what was it? ,0,21
97,Men relationship with their abusive dads ,0,6
98,"What do I do about sexual rumours going around at school regarding my girlfriend? Sorry it this isn't the right place. I really don't know where to go.

Both me and my girlfriend are in year  at highschool. She is also one of the student leaders of the school.

Recently, she told me that there are rumours in the year below us, saying that she had sex with a year . And she is _extremely_ upset and distraught about it.

I don't know _exactly_ who the year  is, but I might have a lead.

My girlfriend absolutely doesn't deserve any of this. She's the kindest and smartest girl I've ever met. And it makes me feel physically sick that someone would spread rumours like that, even as a joke.

I want to be able to protect her, and fix things for her, or at least show her that I'm trying.

However, I'm not exactly the most intimidating guy, and the year  boy who I _think_ it is right now isn't exactly small.

I think I'd be able to handle myself at least decently in a fight, if it came to that. But I don't want to start one, or try to start one, as I'd most likely embarrass myself and possibly make things worse.

I also don't know if talking to the year  in a serious conversation would help, as he's probably an arrogant kid who won't listen.

My dad and my brother are actually look pretty intimidating, as they go to the gym and stuff. But I don't want legal trouble if it seems like they're trying to scare some underage kid.

I seriously don't know what to do. I can't let myself just sit by and watch. I don't even know what to say to my girlfriend right now to help her.

Literally any help would be appreciated. Any at all please.

Thanks",0,315
99,What has caused you to reevaluate your sexuality? What changed or stayed the same? ,0,14
0,"How do you stay motivated? Im a  year old with a few different goals that Id really like to achieve by the end of the year, but every time I wake up in the morning I end up wasting my time(Reddit, TV) and not making any real progress. I also have fits of motivation that end up waning after a few days. How do you guys set and keep goals/hold yourselves accountable for not meeting them?",0,76
1,Does kissing count as cheating? ,0,5
4,"Im  years old , and very skinny and need advice on getting a girlfriend ",0,14
5,What are your thoughts on waiting for marriage? ,0,8
6,Should I pull a Spongebob aight imma head out? ,0,9
9,Is it normal for me to have zero sexual intentions with girls? (Im a man.) ,0,15
10,(Im a guy) Is it normal for me to have zero sexual intention towards females? I do get sexually attracted but i will actively deny sex if we do not know eachother well enough or if we are not dating. If i do accept it i will feel bad about myself. Is this normal??? ,0,54
11,what reasons can a girl have to refuse to take a pregnancy test? ,0,13
12,"In a quarantine time, how do I get muscle gain without lifting weights and more at home routine? ",0,18
13,"How much taller did you grow at ? Im really devastated about being , sometimes  in the mornings.

Im a little over  /, turning  around the beginning of summer. I was about  and / the day I turned  so I have grown about an inch since then. I really hope I can hit  by , I can live with  but anything below that is rough..


So I want to know, how tall were you all at , and how much have you all grow (if at all) since then?",0,89
14,Do guys keep girls blocked forever? ,0,6
15,Phalloplasty?? ,0,1
17,Could anyone care to explain to me what's happening with the whole Gamestop Stock situation like I'm a  year old who knows nothing about this entire thing? ,0,27
18,Do you think telling someone you love them after sex is a red flag? ,0,14
19,"My boyfriend has no balance. How can I help him improve this? I dont think my boyfriend has ever had to balance on anything in his entire life. He does not know how to ride a bike. Or anything else that requires balancing his body. We tried those electric scooters in the city where you use an app to use them. We spent nearly an hour trying to get him to get going on it but he would push off and then just keel over. I asked him if he ever had one of those razors as a kid that I thought everybody went on before, but he said no.

I took him ice skating recently thinking this could help him balance. Poor guy was falling feet up. To be fair he did improve a bit but cannot skate off the walls more than - seconds. It was like watching a golden retriever on ice.

Obviously I dont mind at all that he has no balance and its been pretty fun trying out new stuff hes never tried before :) He has an interest in all of these and wants to learn! I dont think his parents ever took him on bikes, scooters, ice skating etc. as a kid. I know guys and girls have different centers of gravity so I thought maybe that could play into it... have any you guys here have had terrible balance before? And how did you improve it?",0,244
20,"Guys with stinky feet, what's your routine to keep the stink away? My feet are absolutely rancid, to the point where even after I clean my socks you can still kinda smell the stink. Same with my boots/shoes. I've tried lotrimine foot spray but that didn't really do anything. Same with goldbond foot powder.",0,54
21,"Married men, how did you choose your best man? I have told my friends it will be my brother since he raised me, just curious on what was the factor in your choice",0,33
22,"Men of Reddit, how often do you cry and do you feel like you have to force it? ",0,18
25,"Men who stonewall during fights, why do you do it? ",0,10
26,Whats the longest you have ever not changed your underwear? ,0,10
27,I'm terrified of conflict be verbal or physical ,0,8
28,Do most guys just not text and call as much as girls? ,0,12
29,What are you looking for in a partner? Questionnaire ,0,9
30,Is it normal for a guy in a relationship to make sexual comments about a female celebrity in front of their SO? ,0,22
31,How do you get over a person from your partners past who you hate and are forced to see them around regularly? ,0,22
32,Is it normal for a guy in a relationship to make sexual remarks about a female celebrity in front of their girlfriend? ,0,22
33,What's the worst dating or sex advice you've been given? ,0,10
34,"If you see fcal matter stuck to the side of the toilt bowl, do you aim your rine stream in an effort to dislodge it? ",0,25
35,"[Serious Answers] Men of Reddit, how do you deal with memory/events from a past relationship which can trigger your emotions? ",0,20
36,"What advice would you give to someone who wants to get back into the dating scene after a few years? I(m) have been single for the last  almost  years. Haven't even been on a date in that time. The reason for the  years of nothing is that my last relationship left me with massive trust issues and other things to deal with. So I spent a few years getting over that (mostly), finishing college, and have mostly just been working on building a solid career and trying to save money for a house.  I figured I'd try dating again. But I don't really know what to put in dating app bios or the best ways to initiate conversation (like just say Hi or pickup line?). Any advice for those things would be greatly appreciated.",0,134
37,Men of reddit whos fathers were absent for a prolonged period of their childhood and then came back.... how is your relationship with your father as an adult? [deleted],0,29
38,Anyone know how to cope with wanting to buy things to be satisfied? I dont know why but I feel like I need to buy things to be satisfied or occupied or happy. I really dont know why and it bugs me to death. Anyone feel the same? Anyone know how to cope? Thanks,0,54
39,"Where do you draw the line between a fwb/hookup and dating? Where do you draw the line for a fwb or a hookup and a relationship?

Ive been hooking up with a guy for a few months and he gives me forehead kisses, holds my hand, cuddles, etc. which is stuff I personally only do with someone Im in a relationship with so i found it a bit odd. 

So Im curious where do you draw the line? Are there things you reserve only when in a relationship? Or do you just sort of go with the flow of things and there isnt really a boundary for you?",0,108
40,"Gentlemen, in your opinion what are the three things in life that really separates the men from the boys? ",0,19
43,Men living in cabins / the wilderness: How do I become like you? ,0,13
46,"Men, is it weird to invite a guy over to cook for him as a first date? ",0,17
47,What does money do for you after your basic needs after covered? ,0,12
49,What does money do you for you after your basic needs are covered? [deleted],0,14
50,Why do you want the money you're chasing after? ,0,9
51,How can you tell when a relationship/partner is going nowhere? ,0,10
52,"What is something your wife or SO does that annoys the hell out of you but you dont have the heart to tell them to work on it. Nagging, complaining, worrying, etc. ",0,32
53,Am I lost? ,0,3
54,"I'm not feeling very confident or secure about my masculinity, do you guys have any advice? ",0,16
56,"Dear Men, how do you express your feelings for someone if you can't out-right say your feelings for them? ",0,19
57,he dumped me by ghosting me I blocked him on everything and he keeps making new profiles to spy on me Why? ,0,22
58,"Guys of reddit, how do you feel when a girl keeps her distance even though you like her? ",0,18
61,Men of Reddit: How Did You Get Your Partner to Fall in Love with You? Just like the title. Tell me how you got your wife/partner to fall in love with you if they weren't attracted at the beginning? How g did it take?,0,44
62,"If its true that guys/men show their (romantic) feelings directly, logically or through actions, what do these actions involve? ",0,19
63,Hi men of Reddit :) what do you guys prefer: ,0,10
64,"Fellow Men I need your help, I need to know where I can ask Sex Health related questions if I am under  Title says it all, I dont want to get anyone in trouble because I am a minor.",0,39
65,"What makes someone average and also the differences to make someone above average? Physically, characteristic, hobbies etc. What generally makes someone average in your opinion? Also what are the differences that can make someone above average too?",0,37
66,Missing the ex girlfriend although I have a gf atm ,0,10
67,"Hello fellow Men, I need your advice ",0,7
68,"Going to enlist into the Army (). Ex-Military, Active, and Reserve Duty soldiers. What're your honest experiences/thoughts of your time in the service? ",0,23
70,How to have a good vibes aura? I was talking to some girls (my friends) about attraction and how do they evaluate quality and attraction toward guys. Their answer was very simple - energy and good vibes. They didnt know to explain it further so Im asking here what does that mean? How to have good vibes and energy to be noticeable and attractive to girls?,0,66
71,How to have a good vibes aura? ,0,7
72,"Mid s aged guys of Reddit, how do you deal with the thought of being single forever? ",0,17
73,"Mostly heterosexual: why not come out as bi? Heyif you have some interest in men, sexually, romantically, or some combo of the two, as well as women, why dont you come out as bi, at least to your partner? Why just have the desire but never tell anyone you have it? Why not come out? Why should women get all the freedom to explore or experiment, but never mostly straight men?",0,71
74,Missing the exgirlfriend although I have a gf atm ,0,9
76,"Gay / non-straight guys, do you ever feel excluded from being a man? What are some situations, if any? The title says it all!  Just random curiosity!

Actually Ill add this: Who does it usually come from? Straight men? Women? etc.",0,41
77,"Dear Men, when you've been cheated on or heartbroken and mistreated in past relationships, would it be almost impossible for you to believe you could find love with another woman at another time? [deleted]",0,34
78,"Men of reddit, what's a song that you can't help but dance too? ",0,13
79,"What is, in your opinion, the ideal male height? ",0,9
80,Hairline question ,0,2
81,What does oblitus a bello mean and why would you have it tattooed on your chest? ,0,16
83,"What do you carry in your wallet?, Aside from Money/ID. personally I have:

.  number  surgical blades.
. A couple of band aids.
. A few coins (my country only uses paper currency)
. A  few colorful rubber bands.",0,39
84,Should living with parents deter me from asking my girlfriend to marry me? ,0,13
85,Getting engaged/married while living with parents ,0,6
86,"Does anyone have an only fans subscription, in need of a favor. Can anyone help? ",0,15
87,How/what should i prepare for a hook up? ,0,8
89,"How did you get fooled, and what did you do about it? ",0,12
90,"Dear men,my husband just texted me and told me he is depressed ,how can I support him ? ",0,18
91,"What Do You Think About Sneaking A Peek In The Locker Room? Hey guys,

I have a question and I'd like your honest input/reaction.

How do you feel about another guy sneaking a peek or even checking you out in the locker room or any other place where you may be less dressed or even naked? As a gay man, I, obviously, enjoy looking at the male physique. That being said, I don't sit and stare at guys, nor do I chase guys around or attempt to make men feel uncomfortable around me. I do enjoy looking at guys from afar and appreciate their efforts in working on their body. I enjoy seeing natural men as they may be walking around the locker room in whatever state of undress they may or may not be. My point is, I enjoy the opportunity to view men I view as attractive when I have the opportunity.

Now, every now and again, I have noticed my glances being noticed by the recipients of my attention. I've never received any hostile reactions, I have received a few side-eye looks and other benign reactions. What I would like to know, how would/how have you reacted or what are your thoughts about if this happens to you??",0,211
92,Sneaking A Peek In the Locker Room ,0,7
94,I felt like I lost a friend for being to honest and having/not having expectations ,0,15
95,START A JOB SOON. ADVICE NEEDED ASAP ,0,7
96,"If start dating a girl and you notice she has two toothbrushes in the bathroom, would you assume she has a boyfriend? ",0,22
97,"[FM] add my snap for freaky content &amp; much more , upvote for a nude on snap  isabellaxo ",0,18
98,What are your opinions on suspenders vs belt while working a physical job? ,0,13
0,Would you date a woman that is taller than you? Why or why not? ,0,14
2,"What are the benefits of quitting/ taking a break from porn? Im sure this question comes up a lot on here but Id be really grateful for some answers/ opinions. Title basically explains the question itself, but Im curious if taking breaks from porn is whats best, or if taking breaks from porn AND masturbating is best in your opinions. Thanks",0,61
3,What makes a girl ''wifey material''? ,0,6
5,"How do you keep yourself from turning into a bitter, grumpy old man? I'm only approaching , but I can already feel myself starting to become consumed with bitterness and apathy. Like when I was a teenager/in college it seems like I had so much ambition and potential and I legitimately enjoyed helping people and volunteering and going on mission trips and learning new things and shit like that. But then life kicked me in the dick a few times and now I just don't give a fuck about anyone or anything anymore. 

Don't get me wrong, it's not like I'm just an asshole to everybody. I'm still polite and try to be cordial with people or whatever, but all that's pretty much just a faade. There's just nothing that I care that much about now and my tolerance for dealing with people's bullshit has decreased dramatically and I'm not afraid to show it. 

On paper of course my life isn't actually that terrible all things considered. It's just...idk, unfulfilling? dissatisfiying? Certainly nothing close to what I always imagined or wanted for my future.    
Now I don't even know what I want anymore or how to possibly get anywhere else. After constant failure and rejection in pretty much everything I've tried, I haven't accomplished anything worthwhile and just don't really fucking care anymore ",0,223
7,Anyone around  ever have a wet dream? ,0,7
8,What about how you masturbate makes you unique? ,0,8
9,"What's a good first date outfit? I'm (F) trying to decide on a first date outfit, would something like this be okay for a first date or should I tone it down to something simpler (in which case I'm open to suggestions but I'm more of a tomboy so nothing too girly)? I'm curvier than both models with an hourglass figure, the location is a steakhouse/fancy caf (honestly not sure which I should consider it to be, it's sort of a fusion type restaurant) and the weather is mostly warm this time of year where I am.

Option : a late afternoon/early evening date; http://imgur.com/a/BLdacwM  but with the pants in more of a khaki color, might add a lightweight jacket/oversized button up if it's a bit cold, boots non-negotiable because my eczema is flaring up on my ankles (but if it calms down I'll swap them for heels), with simple makeup, maybe some bold red lipstick, eyeliner and mascara.

Option : a lunch date; http://imgur.com/a/rHSqcAx - minus the choker, with the black shorts in a denim material and combat boots (willing to swap them for some chucks or a strappy wedge sandal if my eczema calms down), same makeup as the other but switching the red lipstick for something more toned down and neutral.

Edit: I feel like I should add that while this is a first date, it's not my first time meeting or hanging out with this guy since we have a lot of mutual friends. So there isn't much to ""leave to the imagination"" because he's seen me in similar clothes a lot of time in the past ",0,271
10,I have question...hope someone can give me some advice...Ive been working for my company for over a decade...and I feel I should be on  + after tax ....my boss dont like money talk with his employees...thank u ,0,37
11,Whats the best way to tell a neighbor that their daughter's daily drumming is driving us crazy? ,0,17
12,"Dear Men, I'm almost  now, and the more I grow, the more I start to realize/identify certain personality traits of my parents that frankly I don't want to pass on to my future kids - any thoughts on how to stay patient with parents but make changes on your own terms? Redditors,

These past few years I feel I've been ""growing up"" more than in my past, and lately when I spend time with family, I start to reflect on parenting patterns,  as well as general life outlooks that I don't think are healthy.  For example, father is negative a lot of the time, and mother appears to give preferential treatment to another sibling of mine.

Have any of you experienced this, and if so, at what stage of your life were you at? How did you handle it?

Not looking to ""call out"" my parents, but I think having genuine conversations regarding life outlooks could be beneficial to them as well as me.

Let me know what you guys think.",0,171
13,How would you have reacted to him? ,0,7
15,Why do you make a picture of you holding a fish your tinder picture? ,0,14
16,"How can I be more mature at work? I work in retail and recently my boss told me I need to be more mature and not be pushed to do things. I tend to joke around with my peers, but I try not to let it disrupt my work. Ive always been a class clown figure but now Im wondering if its time to put that to bed, do you guys have any advice?",0,74
17,Do you guys find it hard to cum in certain positions? ,0,11
18,Why do lots of men hate it when women enjoy something ,0,11
20,How would you feel if your nonmusician SO wrote you a song for Valentines day? ,0,15
21,After this video I will not look at life the same way.. Everything makes so much sense. I am a psychology fan now. Please tell me I'm not alone in this LOL ,0,32
22,How important is it for a female you would consider marrying to not have had past relationships (mostly this question is for men themselves who havent had past relationships but men who have can also answer) ,0,36
23,Sugardaddies and white sugardaddies in Nairobi.SUGARDATING CONNECTION AGENCY  ,0,8
24,Is it possible for a fit guy to be attracted to a chubby woman? ,0,14
25,"How do I live more in the moment? I am M and currently Id say my life is in a pretty good place. Im awaiting decisions from colleges Ive applied to, I dont have to worry about too much immediately, I have an amazing girlfriend and Im in touch with my school friends as well. 

My issue is that I, for some reason, cant stop thinking about the future. For the most part, these arent necessarily focused thoughts, but more to do with the general areas of my future career, my future romantic life, where Ill be in x amount of years, stuff like that. I understand that thinking ahead can be really beneficial at times, but it almost seems like Im thinking too much and not fully enjoying what I have right now. What are your tips for living in the moment and making the most out of the present?",0,151
27,Do you love being pegged sissy? K!!!k GoddessAllis ,0,8
28,How does the treatment from your current partner differ from your last partner? ,0,13
29,Men of reddit am i the only one that gets anxious when the takeout they ordered isnt coming ? ,0,19
32,"How do I deal with my nicotine addiction The tittle is pretty self explanatory, Ive been struggling for a few years trying to quit nicotine, does anyone have any tips?",0,30
33,"Fellas, how do you sleep on your side without your shoulders/back hurting in the morning? Idk if I'm just getting old or weak or something but whenever I try to sleep on my side now, my shoulders will hurt like hell from rolling forward or backward while I'm sleeping. Any suggestions to help me deal with this?",0,57
35,What is your wild partying story no one would believe is true? ,0,12
36,"Men in their early s, would you date a woman in her late s? ",0,14
37,Would you stop being attracted to someone if you found out they have extremely low confidence? Why or why not? ,0,20
38,"All virgin men of reddit, Do you keep a pack of condom in your wallet? If yes, then why? ",0,19
39,How do I overcome fear of failure and shame at work? ,0,11
40,"How many of you fit guys spend their days sucking in your bellies. Ive always had a belly as a kid, and Im working hard of getting rid of it as an adult. Ever since I was young, I always made a point of sucking in my gut, not that it probably did much good. 

But I was thinking, if I lost my belly fat, it would be nice to not spend most of my day sucking in my gut, or not trying to hide it with my hands when Im sitting. 

But what about guys who never had much of a gut? Are you ever sensitive about it? Do you ever hide your belly or try to suck it in during your daily life?",0,125
41,Is the best sex you've ever had with your current partner? ,0,11
42,"Why hasn't he made a move?  

Hi, [r/AskMen](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/)

So, here's the full story:

I  had been seeing the same guy working at the local convenience store for  about five months. It got to the point where I'd drive out of my way,  just to go to his store and see his gorgeous blue eyes. One night, my  friend and I stopped there, and she said there was crazy chemistry.

About  three weeks after that night, I got up the courage to give him my  number. He immediately texted me saying he'd wanted to hang out, thought  I was super cute, so happy I gave him my number...

So  two days after that, we met up to hang out. It was awesome!! We have so  much in common, I couldn't even believe it! Even down to the fact that  we hang out in two of the same circles of friends, and somehow had never  met before.

Its been two weeks  since then. We've hung out at his place multiple times. He hasn't done  more than give me a little kiss on the lips. Not even a sensual,  passionate kiss, just a little peck.

I  feel like the only explanation is that he's just not as into me as he  wants to be. He's been single a long time, and I know he's really happy  we're hanging out. In his texts, he calls me ""gorgeous"" and ""beautiful""  but I just am not sure he means it.

We're  in our mid s, and while I wouldn't say I've dated \*a lot\*, I have dated, and I know it's not  outside the realm of normalcy to have expected him to make a move by  now.

Can anyone give me some insight here? I don't want to pressure him at all! I just am curious about why he hasn't made a move.",0,307
43,"Whats your favorite surprise gesture by your partner? Besides a BJ of course, thats a given.",0,16
44,Why do you want to have a girlfriend/wife if you have porn? ,0,12
45,He Hasn't Made a Move... ,0,5
46,This goes out to anyone who speaks more than  language...... and babies ,0,12
47,"Dudes who has broken their dick's during intercourse, how has your sex life changed? [deleted]",0,15
48,Is it just me or do guy farts usually smell thicker and stronger than lady farts? ,0,16
49,"How do your doctors test for a hernia? Ive done the coughing test many times with my doctor to test for a hernia. In the past, my doctor would simply cup my balls when I coughed. But this time, my doctor squeezed my balls when I coughed with her thumb in between my balls and here pointer finger on the outside of my balls. Is this normal? On the last they have only cupped my balls and this time felt completely different. Are their multiple ways to test for hernias and its a doctors preference? Thank you in advance if you can share with me any knowledge you have.",0,109
50,How can you sleep with someone for a pretty good length of time and not develop any feelings? ,0,18
51,What does it mean to encounter resistance from others when standing up for yourself? ,0,14
52,What information you should never tell people? How do you keep my big mouth shut? What information you should never tell people? I realize that my big mouth has caused me a lot of problems. I could of achieved a lot more if I was just careful what information I tell people.  Thanks!,0,53
53,"What is something you feel you should be better at than you are, despite being fairly adept with the things that are like/go with it? This can be either tangible (anything that would be proven by being seen/touched) or intangible (perhaps in a mental way.) for example, I consider myself fairly intelligent, but my reading comprehension is complete shit",0,59
54,"Genuine question, how often do you guys actually receive good head? Are your sexual needs usually met? Is it really common amongst men to experience lackluster BJs?

Is head usually very mediocre for you but once in a blue moon you come across a woman who knows exactly what she's doing and ends up blowing your mind away? 

Which also brings me to ask, how likely is it to come across a woman who's actually enthusiastic about sex and not just simply doing it out of obligation or just Starfish the whole time?",0,93
55,"How much do men care about a girl's body? Hey boys! Help a sis out pls

In that era, specially for teens, insecurities start to build up more and more. 

I'm a f, medium-pretty if I may say so, my face from the front is nice but side profile very bad, anyways that's not the point bcs if I had the count my insecurities, it's endless. But one of my main insecurities is my butt (I do have a small waist but no wide hips), I'm flat if I were to wear jeans or whatever, with leggings it's fine ig. With being flat comes boney ass, and I'm worried that whenever I get boyfriend (never had one) I'd be too insecure to sit on his lap and be cute or whatever. 

So question for the boys: Since y'all notice her body first, is that a big deal? Idk how to ask this but hopefully y'all got the point.",0,158
56,"Married for  years and still dont know how to bring some things up to the wife! 
Anybody else have trouble bringing up kinda kinky thinks to you SO? I mean I not into anything too crazy but its scary trying to tell her about it. Anyone else like this? How did you get over it or did you? How did she react?",0,62
57,"How are you guys able to sleep and be intimate with someone for a long period of time without developing any feelings? I finally broke it off with a guy I had been seeing for about  months as I was in love with him and it was just mean for me to keep getting attatched and developing stronger feelings for someone who does not feel the same.

I am honestly just taken aback that he did not have any feelings for me. He had broke it off once before because he knew I had feelings for him and he knew he couldn't feel the same. (He recently just got divorced last summer and is in the midst of a custody thing) I had asked him to not contact me so I could get over him, especially since we connected so much me wanted to stay friends. 

He had contacted me within two weeks and we started back up. Texting and talking from sun up to sun down, staying over at his place regurlarly. We connected profoundly in everyway and in so many ways he felt like my counterpart. But, it was getting to the point where I was starting to feel insecure since there was no way to feel security. 

When we I broke it off and was crying he just kept apologizing saying he should have stopped the first time just he had so much fun with me. That's the bit that hurt the most, that all the things I felt I felt by myself. Just how strong and signficant our chemistry was I'm literally shocked that he does not even have a shred of feelings for me. I mean, how do you do it?",0,286
58,"How to deal with long legs and dress appropriately? Hi! I am a young adult who is about  cm tall. Since fourth grade I started growing very fast and I kept growing taller, but it really was mostly the legs. Now it feels like if I had the upper body of a child and the legs of a basketball player. Dont get me wrong, there are perks to having long legs (I am a great runner), but the downs are really bumming me. 

Especially dressing is a horror show. I dont have the confidence to wear a tucked in shirt or tighter jeans, just because it emphasises that the legs are so incredibly long. Mostly I wear larger clothes that hide the contoures and shapes. If I wear a T-shirt, you can always see my belt like way above were it would be on a normal person. Conan OBrien demonstrates the problem very well on his show if you are interested to watch it on YouTube.

Do you have dressing tips or recommended clothing to either hide my long legs or make me have more confidence in fashion? As you realise, this is a big insecurity of mine and has been for a long time.

Any help would be massively appreciated!",0,211
59,"What should I do about hair loss at ? What's your lots take on hair loss? Gradually I'm realising my hair is going the same way my dad's did. I'm  and I'm getting thin on top, not too bad as I'm '"" so most people can't see it and tbh it's not too noticeable yet. But in another - years it might be really bald. 

Should I go the hair transplant route? It's something I'm tempted to do but don't know how long that'll last and it's a few bags to have it done. I've had a far back hairline as long as I can remember aswell, so having that brought forward would also be good if it's possible. Last thing I wanna do is go bald, I already look like I'm , going bald would make me look even older.

Or there is medication I could try as well but obviously could come with side effects.",0,157
60,Any married guys ever wonder what it would be like to show naughty pics of your wife off? Asking for a friend ,0,22
61,"Not sharing sexual fantasies 
Asked husband to share any sexual fantasies he has. He states he doesn't have any he likes to do what I like. Not completely vanilla myself but it just feels like he can't trust me with them or its about... I don't know. Looking for advice on how to get him to open up. Side note married almost  years with  kids.",0,65
62,men of reddit how does a lady let a man know that she isnt interested????,0,15
63,"For all the guys who post dick and body pics everywhere or spam girls with it, has it ever worked??? I only hear people complain about being sent dick pics and the posts with dick pics are usually empty in the comment section. I don't have the impression anybody really appreciates these images, but who knows? Maybe you'll surprise me by telling me your dms are full of crazed women or gay men, or whoever would be interested in dick.",0,80
64,"I am ready to sleep I haven't slept through the night in over  years. I've tried everything i can think of to avoid prescription sleep aids. I am ready to give up and go prescription. What experience with sleep aids do you have? or any advice on what else i can try?

&amp;#xB;

Thanks! 

Ive done all the classics including a sleep study which determined i dont have apnea and snore a normal amount.",0,74
65,Straight Men of Reddit: how do I know if Im a partner or just a fucktoy ,0,16
66,Can constant rough sex/masturbation cause injury? ,0,6
67,"Men, how common is it for you to glance at lips when talking to female companions? (regardless of your romantic interest) ",0,21
68,"How do you guys deal with a bad mental health day but still have to get through your responsibilities? Im curious how other guys deal when its just not a good day mentally.

In my corporate job there is no ""backup"" as a manager.  I can't call-in last minute as there are many meetings to be run, people to talk to, plans and decisions to be made, etc.

I was almost in tears during a few discussions and its not even lunch time.  I made some mistakes which I was called out for, fair enough and I own those but it still feels bad to let others down.  Then it just kept going... people digging in more and me feeling like I don't even belong here in the least, that I'm not helping only making things worse.

I don't have the energy to set a few things straight where other people have contributed to the problems and even if I did, it comes off as making excuses.

I want to shut my laptop off and just be done for the day but that won't solve anything. 

People can tell im upset but I have to carry on.

Even my wife asked if I was ok... I told her no but I have no choice and need to just suck it up and stop complaining.

How do you guys cope with shitty days or just when you don't have the energy to stand up for yourself?",0,245
70,"I get attached to men who show me even a little interest / flirt with me occasionally. How can I stop myself? This is not the first time that I get pretty close to a guy who probably has no interest getting romantically involved with me. We start off as friends, and slowly he flirts and says really nice and caring things to me. I have guy friends, so I recognise that this is not friendship. I end up falling for these guys who talk sweet and flirt around, text me everyday for hours. Only to keep waiting to get a confirmation if he actually likes me. But then, he sends me pictures of other girls on social media saying isnt she hot? . Im so confused, why do men do this? 

Should I just stop talking to him? And Im so tired of this. Its literally the rd guy who has done this to me. 

Im sorry for ranting, but Im just really upset :/",0,166
71,"Art Teacher Looking For a Change. Hello men of reddit, I am an Art educator looking to do something more with my life. As you can imagine, the pandemic has made life hard for most if not all teachers in public education. I was already losing interest in my profession before and now even more so. Ill spare you the details of my work life but it has become toxic and I am miserable most days because of it. What I want to know is this: is there any other profession that makes the same or more as a teacher that my current job skills will translate into? I have no clue what I could even do with my current skill set and I am looking to get out of education. If any of you have any ideas, or advice, I would love to hear it.",0,146
72,"What should I get my twin brother for Valentines day? We have always gotten each other chocolate, but this year I want to do something more special and creative, but its hard to think of anything besides chocolate",0,38
73,"Whats up with Dads pretending they don't love pets? Most of us have witnessed a Dad whether or not it's yours are someone elses say something similar to ""get that thing out of my house"", ""were not getting a damn cat"", etc. Why?",0,43
74,What is your favourite thing that a woman does in bed (sexually)? ,0,12
75,"Men who work in debt collections, how small is your dick and why are you such a POS? So, I've recently had an ordeal where somehow,  days after I receive a bill in the mail where I am suppose to then mail a check back to someone, I get said bill sent to collections and now have collections harassing me about paying them.

A little back story, due to COVID and loss of wages from being a restaurant worker, I had to break my lease and move back home which obviously isn't what I'd call ideal. But, shit happens and it is what it is. To break my lease I obviously had to speak with management of the apartment complex and find out what that meant. Manager is new by the way. What it came down to was basically paying  months worth of rent as a fee. Okay, fine. My next questions is when do I pay it? My first response from the apartment manager was to pay when I actually signed the lease break documents. When I come to do that, I am then told that the fee could be paid anytime before I actually turn in keys. I'm a couple months out from actually turning in keys at this point so I decide to wait till closer to the date to pay because it's expensive. It gets closer to the date of moving out, I'm ready to pay, and I email the office because the fee has never been added to our online payment portal so I can't pay. I am then told by the manager that once we turn in keys, it will be added and then I can pay. So, January th rolls around, we move out and turn in keys. I go to look and pay the bill and I can't pay because what the manager didn't inform us was that you are removed from the system once you finally move out..... okay, so how should I pay? Well, they will mail the bill and then I can just mail a check to them. So, come Jan. th, I get the final bill in the mail (Saturday). Yesterday rolls around (Tuesday), I haven't mailed the check yet because it's been  business days and I've been busy and I start getting calls from a collection agency.

This collection agency, IQ Data International, has to be one of the biggest piece of shit company with the most piece of shit people ever. I assume there is some mistake because it's been  fucking days since I got the final bill in the mail and I explain this to IQ Data and let's call the person ""Paul"". The asshole Paul doesn't care about this, is extremely rude, threatens damage to my credit and puts on his high pressure, predatory practices of making me pay right now without even providing me proof yet that they have the bill. After a lot of argument I tell him I'm not paying until I have some time to discuss with the apartment complex on why they have the bill and to make sure everything is okay there. I then speak with the apartment again and am told by apparently incompetent's manager that IQ Data isn't even the company they use anymore for debt collections. So, now I'm definitely not paying them until I know more. I call IQ Data back and let them know that the apartment complex stated they don't even use them anymore. Paul decides to elevate me to his Operations Manager, let's call him ""Randy"". Before I even get on the phone with Randy I receive an email from him with the actual bill from collections stating the have it. Cool. I'm not disputing that. Randy gets on the phone and before I can say a word, raises his voice and basically yells, ""what do you want from me, you can call my bluff and I'll just throw this on your credit report right now, blah, blah, blah, I get off on yelling at random strangers (last part may not have actually been said)."" I lose my cool because I'm being yelled at by a complete stranger, I call the guy a fucking dick and hang up on him. This all happens between about -pm so of course everyone is trying to leave their office jobs so it makes it more difficult to find anything out. The corporate office is suppose to be contacted to find out more about what is going on and I am left in waiting hoping that I don't get a delinquency on my credit report from shithole IQ Data, fucking asshat Paul, and his fuckstick boss Randy because they are unwilling to let me have a day or two to do my due diligence and figure out why the fuck a bill went to collections after  days.

So, all of that to ask, men who work in collections, how big of a piece of shit are you and how small is your dick to where you have to yell at random strangers, make them feel terrible, and use predatory practices on people that most likely are in a very tough situation?

Also, if anyone has any advice on how to deal with this and if it does end up on my credit, what can I do to get it removed since this seems a bit extreme?

TLDR: A bill got sent to collections after  days (yes  days) after being misinformed by the apartment complex manager about when/how to pay the bill. Collections company calls, yells at me, threatens my credit, and won't allow any time to sort this out. Fuck off, you piece of shit, predatory debt collectors.",0,953
76,"Why do some men stay in long term relationships, while not being sure they want to get married? 

- What goes on in men's heads regarding wanting/not wanting a long-term marriage with someone? 

AND

- Why would a man waste his own time in these circumstances? 
Women almost never stay with a man they are sure they won't marry.",0,59
77,What's a wholesome and romantic evening you'd spent with your SO? ,0,11
78,Do you like cheetah print on a woman? ,0,8
79,"Dear men, what are some common insecurities we women have that you don't care about? ",0,15
80,"How do I tell women that approach me in public I don't want to be talked to? Today I was loading groceries into my car and a young woman asked if she could help me. I said no, even though I have a sling on my shoulder and she asked again. I said politely ""no, thanks!"" and she asked me again, then got angry when I told her I don't require her help at all! It was in a dark parking lot, who would've known if she could've tased me or pepper sprayed me and kidnapped me or worse. Who was this woman and why was she doing this?

I was also walking in the city alone on the weekend and a girl came up to me and said ""sorry to bother you, I have a question"". I said ""sorry I'm on my way to the train, I can't talk"" and she said ""I just need help finding something"". I said ""no ma'am! Sorry please get away from me, I don't want to talk"" and she called me a C*NT. What the fuck?! I don't talk to strangers and I don't owe anybody anything. 

Also yesterday, a young unattractive woman came up to me and said ""hi, I think you're attractive and want to know if you'd like to talk?"" And I didn't reply. I turned away and gave her the ""hand"" goodbye. Because I don't talk to unnatractive women. I figured she would get the point. But then she said ""how rude of you and stormed off."" I really felt the fear flowing through my body, like something was off. I took a sharp right turn and walked into the nearest coffee shop where it was safe. What if she could've shot or robbed me? What was her agenda? Why do women act like this? 

I really fear for my safety when random creepy women ask me for directions, hit on me, or ask to help with my groceries. I'm thinking about carrying pepper spray and I'm just wondering how I can stop this from happening?",0,347
81,"Men staring Sometimes I like it when a man is staring but what are they thinking about when guys do this? 

Is it a romantic or dirty daydream? 

It obviously depends where they are looking. When it's not a particular body part, I don't know what they are thinking.",0,49
82,"While sitting to poop, does anyone else put a piece of toilet paper on the front of the toilet seat to rest your *ahem* on? Not trying to be crude but my wife thinks Im crazy for doing that and I want to ask the crew here. Am I crazy for not wanting germs in my pee-hole? Also...is there an obvious solution Im not thinking of?",0,66
83,Men of Reddit what are your honest opinions of Valentine's day? ,0,11
84,"Men who have never been romantically involved, how do you REALLY feel? ",0,12
85,"Job interview help Hello all, I am going to interview for a job tomorrow and would like to nail it. What are some questions you may ask of the interviewer/what are some things you may say during an interview to seal the deal?",0,43
86,What's the worst thing you can say on a first date? ,0,11
87,"Dear Men of Reddit, how would you react if a long term SO told you they fell out of love? / sick of the relationship? ",0,25
88,"Not your stand-up audience So my husband is a really funny guy. That's one of the things I fell for. His dry wit, dad-jokes and sarcasm. However, his humour has increased in harshness, and more and more on my behalf. A lot of the time this is okay, and just fun teasing, especially when combined with flirting.

 But sometimes I am not in that mode, and I want more of a proper, nice conversation, a warmer tone so to speak, and not being constantly interrupted with sarcastic remarks when Im trying to tell a story or just talk friendly. Sometimes I don't want to be told how much I suck at a game, over and over, when I really try my best(other times is just fun and teasing and he calls me cute and we get horny lol)But when I try to tell him this, if I find his comments hurtful or too much, he tells me to suck it up and gets mad at me for ""not understanding that he is not trying to hurt me"". I do understand he is not trying to hurt me on purpose, but that doesnt mean it can't feel bad sometimes. 

Why is it so hard to adjust a little, to ""read the room"", listen when the audience doesnt laugh? Or at least validate what I feel when I say so? Am I the one that should feel guilty for ""hurting him by saying it hurts me"", and should I be the one adjusting and accepting because it's just the way he is, and that he wants to be able to say whatever he wants as long as he doesnt mean anything bad by it?

 I feel bound to be the ever-laughing stand-up audience and never complain, or else he shuts me out.",0,300
89,"If you see fecal matter stuck to the side of the toilet bowl, do you aim your urine stream in an effort to dislodge it? ",0,25
90,"Has anyone never had a wet dream before? I started masturbating right at the start of puberty so Ive never had a wet dream before. Im not too far off from my s, and have been taking care of business every night or so. Is this the same for the rest of yall. 

And on that note, would there be a rough way to make myself have one, just so I can experience it once. I wouldnt mind hearing your experiences on this one, or do you really think its not worth the effort and i should just stick to purposefully jerking off for the best orgasm?",0,107
91,How common is skipping cringeworthy scenes or moments when you're watching films/TV? ,0,12
92,"Men of Reddit, do you stand to wipe your butthole after pooping? Why or why not? ",0,16
93,Problems getting down after dating for  years ,0,7
94,Post Circumcision game  ,0,3
95,Why do men only wash fingertips (without soap) after peeing? ,0,10
96,Should I be trying to get a girlfriend or should I just let things happen naturally? ,0,16
97,"Does it really matter what time you workout? I am relatively in shape, but Im trying to get my body a little more in shape for when I am able to actually go out and meet people again. However, I have a work schedule that makes me unable to workout early in the morning.

I work out around pm, but I feel a little discouraged thinking that its not as good for me as  am or so.

If Im eating relatively healthy and working out -- times a week, should I still be good to get a pretty good physique? Im  and  so extremely average size lol",0,107
98,How many times do guys actually mean it when they say they don't mind small boobs and ass? ,0,18
99,Blowjob manual ,0,2
0,What is your opinion on getting complements from women who aren't interested in you? ,0,14
1,I want to delete social media ,0,6
2,Do you really want women to complement you? ,0,8
3,"How to live peacefully around toxic parents? I am  , finished my studies, doing my internship, working on my passion which is in music production, I can't move out because of pandemic and financial situations . I live in a  bedroom, hall , kitchen apartment. What should I do?",0,49
4,"Is it harder to get in shape, or stay in shape? ",0,11
5,How does it feel like having to lead the sexual interaction? How much pressure do you feel? ,0,17
6,What will you be getting your partner for Valentine's this year? ,0,11
7,I need some help with a delicate situation ,0,8
8,Why do you guys think Gen Z romanticizes the s and s so much? ,0,14
9,"Those that don't find fulfillment in work, where do you find it? ",0,12
10,"How do you deal with your crush avoiding you at work? Hello, this  woman at work, she's just starting to open up to me after months of me  trying to show her interest. The thing is, everything is going on in  private chat when we bump each other at work. We could talk for a while  and not get bored. I like her and i've told her a bunch of times she's  pretty.

But  she seems very weird around colleagues, she almost never speaks to me  around them, acts like i don't exist. Ignores me when i say hi or in a  group never reacts on what i say or reply or looks at me. She  immediately purposely tries to intensify the chat with the other  colleague if i join in. And this happens all the time.

This  strange behaviour reminds me of a primitive childhood colleague  situation when a girl from school did this, and i've found out later  they were all hating me and discussing me on my back after some strange  bullying events. This sounds pathological in the current situation, as  we are not children.

The  thing is, I'm at a point where i've passed the small talk and i've told  her in her face i like her and i want more but she doesn't take me  serious because i'm  years younger, always trying to act busy or  changing the subject. I asked her out once and she said something like  'who knows what people will think around here' (the rest of the  colleagues).

Maybe she is ashamed of her age () being single and not courted by men her own age?

How  do i get past this blockage and how do i even know she's interested ?

Should i just ask her straight in the face about this behaviour?",0,303
11,Why do girls post hot pictures and then get triggered on being sexualized? ,0,13
12,"How do you deal with butt leakage throughout the day? Not sure why this happens.

I take a shit in the morning. Wipe up. Shower. Drive to work, work for an hour or two.

By mid-morning, my asshole feels itchy.

I go to the restroom, grab a wad of TP and wipe, where I find a ton of poop has been leaking out of my ass.

I clean up, and Im good most of the rest of the day, but sometimes it happens again.

Anyone else have this leakage problem?",0,90
13,What made you grow up? Like what were some turning points in your life that made you start acting like an adult instead of a child? What made you go from dependent to independent?,0,34
14,Who can honestly say that they havent been tempted to get with someone else while in a relationship? ,0,18
15,Does anyone else have a problem with butt leakage throughout the day? ,0,12
16,No sex before marriage? Would you wait or not? ,0,9
17,"Guys, have you ever been scared for your safety from a girl? How did it happen? ",0,16
18,How concerned should I be that I cant pull back my foreskin at the age of ? ,0,17
19,What is the duration of love in your country ? ,0,10
20,"What do you find physically appealing in a partner and why? I am a very fit guy and have been fit all my life. I am surrounded by hard dudes and am so myself. I have no interest in fit girls because they remind me of myself (and even though I am narcissistic this is a bit much) whenever I touch them. I usually go for skinny-fat girls who are soft on the touch.

I also usually go for very girly girls who are bottom heavy. I believe the first thing has to do with my country where most people are very passionate about embodying gender stereotypes, and I've been conditioned to find such traits desirable. The second thing - this particular body type seems very feminine to me and thus I find it extremely appealing.",0,136
21,Am I overreacting? ,0,3
22,Should I be concerned that I cant pull back my foreskin at the age of fifteen? ,0,16
23,What do you find physicaly attractive a woman? And why do you think it is this way? ,0,17
24,Fianc rejects all my attempts to initiate intimacy.. ,0,8
25,What is it like to be best friends with a guy (male and female platonic friendship)? ,0,16
26,What is it like being best friends with a guy? ,0,10
27,"Guys who are into women saying 'Daddy' during sex, what is the fantasy? Genuinely curious, not trying to kink shame anyone.

I'm all for talking during sex etc, but whenever a girl says ""daddy"" it is immediately confusing to me.  I'm not sure how to run with that roll play in my own head and make it hot.

Like if a woman I've been with a while says something like ""can you imagine if we'd just met and this was how I was fucking you?"" while she's doing something particularly confident,  then I can think, ""wow, yeah i can imagine that, that would be hot as fuck""

But when a woman says ""Oh Daddy""  ""You like that daddy?""   I just feel like,  umm, i guess, i mean, am I your dad in this fantasy, or is it like an absent/substitute father figure thing,  or,  what?",0,145
28,Should I be concerned that I cant pull back my foreskin at the age of ? ,0,16
30,"Guys of reddit, do guys watch porn with their friends and jerk off together? Why? ",0,15
31,ASK MEN: Clean shaven or weak beard? ,0,7
32,Clean shaven or half assed facial hair? ,0,7
33,How does purging affect the heart? Does it put pressure on the heart due to forceful bringing up of food or affect the heart by the depletion of electrolytes? ,0,29
34,Whats the biggest sacrifice youve made for a person? ,0,9
35,Was there a crush you were glad you didn't ask out? ,0,11
36,Do you like bigger thights or smaller ones? ,0,8
37,How do you deal with your SOs rattling ovaries and your doubts? ,0,12
38,"What's something you always wished you got for valentines day, but never did? ",0,13
39,Girls weight ,0,2
40,WHAT IS STOPPING YOU FROM WEARING NAIL POLISH!!!!!! ,0,8
41,"How not to lose you will find SO after the lockdown? I havent had a lot of luck in dating before the pandemic and in  I took time off dating apps or trying to meet someone.


Now I feel like there is no one for me (F). Even before it was really hard to meet someone new, after the lockdown I feel it will be impossible. So much stupid people, who dont understand basic biology, antimaskers, antivaxxers, people who break lockdown rules all the time, people who are extremely right wing (nacist, racist). 


Even before on dating apps people told me I am running out of time (when I was - years old) to meet someone, now I think I am hopless case. 


*How do you deal with lack of social interactions and staying positive that you might still find someone after the pandemic?*",0,144
43,Complimenting men ,0,2
44,Does anyone else take their shoes half off and on repeatedly when they're bored / nervous? ,0,16
45,How do I understand my emotions more? ,0,7
46,Ex boyfriend went back to a toxic situation. Im Still emotionally wounded. Advice from men? ,0,15
47,"Anyone get into better shape in their 's rather than their 's? What did it take? Do you feel like it was more work to stay fit in your 's? How has your body been responding to working out between those times of your life?

What was your mentality behind getting in shape more in your 's?",0,57
48,My former class mate looks at me very often and says hi with smile all of a sudden. Why? ,0,19
49,Why is my girlfriend always manifesting LGBTQ at home even though neither of us is LGBTQ? ,0,16
50,"Men of Reddit: When did you know, you and your ex were over? Its a pretty straight forward question. Im just asking. Personally, Ive been going over my last relationship in my head, finally acknowledging all the red flags I turned my head to and it all makes sense now.",0,50
51,"How to get my bf to be more dominant in bed? Sex is kinda boring. Missionary every time. I like to be dominated a little bit and hes just not that way. 
Also how do I get him to show me how he likes to be touched? Hes sort of shy and doesnt want to answer when I ask questions like this which is hard for me because I want to be straight up!",0,74
53,Will I be taller? ,0,4
54,"Men of reddit, what are your opinions on watching porn together with your partner? ",0,14
55,"Straight women, do you mind if guys don't talk or message too much? ",0,13
56,"How do you pick up girls? So I have never actually tried to pick up girls. My ex just kind of stumbled into my life and we had a good year together but now I am single once again and realize that I probably wont get a girl as easily again.

Therefore any tips would be appreciated as I have no experience picking up girls whatsoever.

Thanks",0,67
57,Can a  year old mindset change? ,0,6
58,Will I grow any taller? ,0,5
59,How do men feel when theyre in love? ,0,8
60,"Men who decided not to marry and stay single forever, what made you take that decision and how is it turning out? ",0,22
61,Faithful Men ,0,2
62,Is it weird to be  foot  inches tall with an  inch penis? ,0,12
63,"Which is better, sex or beating off? ",0,7
64,How can a shorter guy be more dominant and look stonger than the guy he is face to face? Specially on camera. A lot of movies this day have muscular tall main characters. It feels like the taller one is going to beat or surpass the shorter ones. Yes I'm obsessive but not short.,0,54
65,Private BF wont take calls/texts ,0,5
66,Sex/ masturbation? ,0,2
67,How can i start again a conversation with my gf after a serious argument? ,0,14
68,Do guys actually hate being called cute? ,0,7
69,"How do i deal with insecurities ? Please help. It is ruining everything for me. The only thing i can think about during the entire day is about my damn appearance and how im hideous. I cant even look at myself in the mirror sometimes. The same case is for my personality as well. This has been a huge burden on me as now i cant even talk to people because the moment they show me any attention i take it as if they do it from kindness, not that they would actually be interested in me. If someone has any tips or something or if you have been in the same spot before, what helped you get through this ?",0,121
70,IF A WOMEN CHEATED WOULD YOU GET BACK?? ,0,8
71,Valentine's gift baskets? ,0,3
72,Self respect or none?? Or crazy and will kill her probably!! ,0,11
73,Have you ever dated a woman who paid a lot more attention to your behind than the front? ,0,18
74,Did my (F) FWB (M) catch feelings? ,0,7
75,"Men of reddit, have you dated a woman who paid a lot of attention to your behind? ",0,17
76,Recovering from phimosis and need advice ,0,6
77,I have no role model to look at and I have no idea how to break the cycle. ,0,18
78,What to do when a guy becomes distant? ,0,8
79,"Men of reddit, have you ever dated a woman who was very interested in your backside? ",0,16
80,Who is considered a misandrist? ,0,5
81,What if we give Free  premium accounts (Agency plan) to first  people ? ,0,13
82,People on tik tok that dress emo. Are the really feeling emo or just dressing emo to look cool? What do you think? Yea like you can feel emo and dress emo but I feel like some just dress to only look cool... like emo is a mindset not a fashion choice.,0,52
83,People on tik tok that dress emo. Are the really feeling emo or just dressing emo to look cool? Cuz like emo is a mindset not a fashion choice ,0,29
84,Is the man I love gay? Would straight men say these things? ,0,12
85,What is the father/son balance? ,0,5
86,To all the fathers of boys ,0,6
87,How do y'all accept your past mistakes? ,0,7
89,"At what point and how did you (if you did) come to terms with the fact that you'll always be single? I am  and I know I am still too young to think so but I've never had a gf, I suck at making friends and communicating and opening up to people and not physically attractive either. I've tried multiple different apps and I don't even get matches let alone rejections.",0,71
90,"What is a good razor for shaving a mans private parts? I would really like to gift my bf a razor specially for his genital area where you can switch the blades if needed but I don't really have that much knowledge about what works best...down there...for men.
Thank you for any answers.
P. S. Sorry for my bad english. It's not my first language.",0,65
91,How to heal from traumatic situations? I don't have money to go and visit a psychiatrist. What should I do?,0,20
92,I can't heal through trauma. I don't have money to get councelling sessions/ meet a psychiatrist. What should I do? ,0,20
93,What are some good topics to talk about when you've run out of topics to talk about with someone? ,0,19
94,"How do i start talking to ""Friends"" who have grown apart? Grown apart isn\`t even the right word. They grew I didn't. I\`d rather not even think about them.It\`s like i was a puppet for them.I wanna get back to what we were but again i guess that was a part of a play as well.",0,56
95,Can this post get to hot? ,0,6
97,Has anyone used the Merdian Shaver ,0,6
98,What do people mean when they say guys arent allowed to express emotion and are expected to be less emotional and restrain themselves? Since when was this ever the case? ,0,30
99,"How have you reacted to your female loved ones getting harassed by men? I'm talking cat-calling, inappropriate messages, groping, stalking, any kind of sexual violence.

What did you feel? What actions did you take?",0,34
0,How to begin in life and learn the most useful skills to generate an income? ,0,15
1,How to begin in life if I drop out of college? ,0,11
2,Im  and cant stand college anymore need advice on starting off in life ,0,13
3,"What are the best groups activities or team sports to meet people? It looks like things are finally starting to re-open in my area! I'm single in my 's and I'd like to be more active and out there trying to meet new people.

Before covid, I was in a bowling league that I enjoyed. The only issue with it was that it was mostly filled with older people (+) and married couples that bring their kids with them. Now they are cool   
people but I just don't see myself hanging out with them outside of bowling. If that makes sense?

I'm trying to find more people in my age range ('s-'s) but have no idea where to look when things open back up?",0,124
4,"Single guys, do you have a dream girl and if so what are they like? I'm just curious what sort of things guys look for in a girl.",0,28
5,Have you ever re-invented yourself? How did it go? text,0,10
6,I was never circumcised as a child because it wasn't required by my parents' religion and until quite recently I didn't even know what circumcision even was and now I'm  and I just wanted to ask and get some perspective on whether or not I should even bother getting one at this stage? ,0,53
7,Have you ever re-invented yourself? ,0,5
8,I'm tired of my body ,0,5
9,I never got a circumcision as a child because it wasn't required by my parents' religion and until quite recently I didn't even know what circumcision even was and now I'm  and I just wanted to ask and get some perspective on whether or not I should even bother getting one at this stage? ,0,54
10,"Starting to Go Grey In Early Thirties, Did You All Fight It Or Accept It? ",0,15
11,"What should you do if your friends are holding your back from your goals? Hey Reddit.

Im  years old from Israel.
Got a question that troubles me for a long time now.
I have many friends, and I have many goals.

I want to get fit, sleep well, study, make money online, etc.

My issue is that all of my friends arent aligned to these goals. They smoke weed all the time, drink alcohol, stay up until late, dont have many life goals, etc.

I am very annoyed by this because I cant really mix the two together (maybe except in the weekends, but even then I lose sleep and engage in alcohol, junk food such activities).

I had many beautiful experiences with friends, and I have lots of bad feelings thinking about leaving them.",0,135
12,What should you do if your friends are holding you back from your goals ,0,14
13,"What expectations in society annoys you the most as a man? It can really be anything, like work, school, chivalry, social life, etc ",0,23
14,What should you do if your friends are holding you back from your goals? ,0,14
15,What should I do if my friends are holding me back from my goals? ,0,14
16,"Why am I attracted to toxic girls, and love the instant connection and chase? ",0,14
17,My husband is obese and nothing seems to work ,0,9
18,Does anyone else feel internal rage kinda feeling on how invisible they are to women. ,0,15
20,Dating girl that is moving into a house with her ex among other people ,0,14
21,How was your day today? ,0,5
22,What's is your day today? [deleted],0,6
23,"Guys that do the stock market stuff, has it been profitable? ",0,11
24,How do some women take pleasure in playing men and hurting their feelings? ,0,13
25,"Men who have taken to living an unconventional life, what is it and what inspired you to do it instead of the normally accepted mainstream? ",0,25
26,Do you feel that dating is futile as a average looking guy in ? ,0,14
27,What uncommon part of a person do you notice first when when you look at them? I notice a persons and honestly it makes or brakes the level of attraction I have for them.,0,34
28,Has sex addiction changed the way you see people? ,0,9
29,How normal is it for a man to never acknowledge his relationship on any social media? Ive been with my current bf for + months and hes never acknowledged me as such on social media.,0,35
30,"How do you talk to someone past casual politeness? Id just like to start off by saying Im  and I havent dated ever in my life, never had any sort of romantic or intimate interaction before. Years ago I told myself I would wait until I was emotionally, mentally and financially mature enough due to seeing how dramatic high school relationships were. 

So Ill sometimes find myself talking with a girl or two at work or on occasion one of my sisters friends. I have this very stupid, chronic thought process when it comes to mind with women about what itd be like to date them. Well engage in some light small talk about how our days are but thats pretty much it. Im a massive moron when it comes to conversation, even with family Ive known for years. Beyond the basic, how are you?, having a good day?, and other such formalities I have trouble really just talking about anything. Ive no clue what to ask, say or bring up at any time. 

Id love to just let loose and feel more casual around a girl, be able to joke and have some little rapport, rather than just treating them like a stranger every time. Ill essentially just give little polite responses when they start talking about something. Oh yeah? Thats pretty cool! You did? Thats great! Aw Im sorry to hear that. That sounds like a good idea. 

These and other such phrases seem to be the majority of what I contribute to conversations. I dont know how to question them in order to learn more about them. Ill sometimes try you go to school?, only to realize I know nothing about college so I dont know what sort of specific questions to ask because itll all go over my head and Ill just be sitting there nodding along, trying not to seem rude. 

Im often left thinking: am I really interested in a woman? Or just the idea of one? Or maybe Im subconsciously an asshole and just find them pretty to look at? I dont even know what I want anymore, I...I have no clue why Im pursuing something like this, I know itll end in futility. 

Just thought Id ask if yall had any similar issues with this, or what you might recommend. Though Ill probably get it wrong anyway.",0,395
31,Is Circumcision a thing in your country?? ,0,7
32,how do i talk to my mom about smthn ,0,9
33,Whats a gift youd want from a girlfriend? ,0,8
34,Best Soap and moisturizer? ,0,4
35,First time sex with a new man? Advice? ,0,8
36,Do other guys shoot loads about - feet and cum right through the towel? ,0,14
37,"Men, why are you so mean? at this point I just hate men and everything they stand for. just needed to get this out of my system.",0,27
38,How Can I Improve Organizational Skills? ,0,6
39,Your Body height is equivalent to your dick length. What's your body height now? ,0,14
40,Ways to Improve Organization Skills ,0,5
41,Want to ask my neighbor for beard grooming tips ,0,9
42,"Single, full time employed dog owners: How do you do it? I would really like to adopt a German Shepherd. But Id feel awful leaving him or her in a create all day. I know cats fair better alone but Ive never been a cat person.

My parents had a German Shepherd/Husky mix when I was younger, I even helped train her and we were inseparable until the day she died.",0,71
43,"If a woman has an excessively dark genital area (labia, vulva etc), is this one of those times you try to let her down easy afterwards? Do you notice and does it affect your attraction? ",0,35
44,What would you do if told you me coji a te jefa? ,0,12
45,"What would make a guy feel warm and fuzzy? A girl getting flustered within your presence?Perhaps a simple act of kindness? Would you like spontaneous flowers or day? 

What little thing goes a long way in a dudes book?",0,39
46,"How do you encourage yourself to begin lifting weights as someone who is pretty weak? I sort of want to get toned. I am pretty tall and skinny and I like to do cardio. But I want to gain a bit more muscle. I probably either need to lose fat/gain muscle or just gain weight through muscle assuming I workout. Ppl who been in my situation, how did you start?  Since there is COVID, I got no gym to go to. I have adjustable dumbbells up to  pounds and prob can lift  atm. I also like to get a bit more abs. Any foods to eat before working out (like pb and banana on whole-wheat bread) or anything you recommend after a good workout? Any good YouTubers who do workout videos? 

&amp;#xB;

Thank you!",0,134
47,"What is going on inside his head??? my not-quite-bf looked and me, got this huge freaking grin on his face, then kinda just looked at his shoes while still grinning. I asked him what he was thinking, and he just said, ""nothing."" while still grinning. what on earth was he thinking about?",0,52
48,Do guys actually care if a girl sleeps with them on a first date? Does that knock them off the marriage material category? What are signs that may help determine which bucket a woman would fall into? ,0,37
49,Can you leave an SO on read ,0,7
50,"Those of you who have farted in someones face, what did they do to have it coming and how did they react? ",0,22
51,Those who have farted in someones face- what did they do to deserve have that coming? ,0,16
52,"How can you tell the difference between platonic and romantic relationships? Hello men of Reddit, I (a F) am quite unexperienced with man-related behavior and I was wondering if yall could help me out. A bit of context for why Im even asking this question: I have a male friend/roommate who I suspect could be wanting more but I hold back because he might be acting that way towards me because were just such close friends. 
So, Id like to ask you: How does your behavior towards a woman differ when youre just friends or youre friends but interested in her?",0,101
53,How to stretch out my foreskin ,0,6
54,What do you do when you need to vent to someone who cares but theres no one you can talk to ,0,21
55,"What food doesnt require many ingredients to cook? As far as I know

Fried rice
Bolognese
Sandwiches",0,17
56,"My girlfriend floated the idea of me using a strap on [on her] and I'm not completely sure how to feel about it So yea she asked me if I'd want to try it and I said I'd think about it. I'm not insecure about my size but at . inches it's not exactly the biggest member but I've never really had any complaints besides tips on how to better use it. I'm not sure if this is about size or stamina, the conversation was so awkward both of us just kinda let it die.

Of course I want my girlfriend to be happy and it's not that it's a boundary being crossed, I'm just not sure how I'm going to feel with using an actual strap on. Could be hot and fun or it could be horribly emasculating and embarrassing, I'm pretty nervous about the whole thing.

Just wondering if any men have ever done this and how you felt about it? If any women want to share there perspective that'd be fine also.",0,175
57,Good career no uniform or dress code no college degree $k+ a year. ,0,13
58,How old were you when you started working? ,0,8
59,Whats your favorite position? ,0,4
61,If anyone has done the wim hof course can you give a detailed explanation of how to do it I've looked it up online but I don't want to piece it together from what I've read or watched,0,38
62,"What would you pick if you had to choose between a job opportunity and a girl you love? What is your choice and why? Say youve received an opportunity to move up the ladder in your career, but it required you to move away. Would you take the job and ditch love? Or keep love and ditch the opportunity?",0,59
63,moving ,0,1
64,Is there fellow big bears out there? ,0,7
65,"Other guys on here, based on my situation can you help shed some lights as Im not sure as Im lost. ",0,21
66,What do men benefit from marriage? ,0,6
67,"Balding guys, how to expedite hair loss. ",0,7
68,Just a thought ,0,3
69,Whats a good way for a mildly shy dude to meet people and be more sociable after the pandemic ends? I am fairly introverted and nerdy. Didnt get out a ton pre pandemic. I wanna start going out more and being more sociable. How would you guys do this?,0,49
70,What's the smallest inconvenience that ruined your day today? ,0,9
71,Abandoned friends in the conquest for coochie? ,0,7
72,What expectations annoy you in a relationship? ,0,7
73,Men of reddit what does it mean if a guy touches you a lot? (In a none sexual way) ,0,19
74,"Men who never planned on getting married, but ended up hitched, what made you change your mind? ",0,17
75,"How would you really feel if your girl was watching porn or had a phone full of pictures of other guys she knows or was getting random texts from dudes you ""shouldn't be worried about""? The timeless theory that women are just irrational/emotional/insecure fight seekers is infuriating.  I'm sure that is the case at times, but how would you feel if you saw your girlfriends browser history was full of videos she watched of guys with way bigger cocks jerking off solo with some orgasm encouragement? Or photos of guy she used to date carried over from cell phones passed? I admit, I am slightly biased, but still, fuck you guys.",0,111
76,"When do you text after a hook up? I met a guy at an outdoor bar this weekend and went home with him. We had a fun night although we were both very drunk. It is pretty clear we both want something casual. The next morning we had sex multiple times and as I ordered my Uber he asked for my number. I didnt get his, just put mine in his phone. 
Men - when do you typically text if you want to hang again? The next day? The next time you want to hook up?",0,96
77,What do you look for? ,0,5
78,What do you think of lash extensions on women? ,0,9
79,"Friend vs. Acquaintance. Whats your definition of these? Its something thats kinda clicked with me as Ive gotten older. Ive always had a tonne of acquaintances, but I would say I have  true friends.

Acquaintance to me is somebody Im friendly with and can even be pretty close to - but we see each other out of convenience (at work, at the gym). We dont or rarely see each other outside of the convenient spot.

Friend to me is, I can call you at am if my cars broken down and youll come without question (and vice versa). Extreme scenario but you get my drift.

What say you?",0,108
80,"Men who work manual labor jobs, what are some things your partner could do to make your life easier and be supportive? My boyfriend recently started working at a warehouse.",0,30
81,What did you when you found out you a child that you knew nothing about existed ? ,0,17
82,Should I ask my girlfriends dying father to marry her before he passes? ,0,13
83,How is the treatment for chymdia So yeah I have it . Got tested last person Ive been with was a girlfriend and we broke up after a year. I feel like shit.  My doctor office said they faxed it and the pharmacy is saying they havent gotten anything.  Im just going down a drain of despair,0,57
84,This question is for the PC gamers out there... ,0,9
85,How does the treatment from your current partner differ from the way your last partner treated you? ,0,17
86,[Serious]Does anyone else pass out after masturbating? ,0,7
87,Friendship with the opposite sex? ,0,5
88,Would you view someone who slept with  people by age  modest or more on the high end? ,0,17
89,"People with unisex names (or are attracted to the same sex) how would you feel about dating someone with the same name as you? My name is unisex and I think it'd be weirdly awesome in a way to date a girl with the same name as me

Not like I'd particularly PREFER that, but I think it'd come with its own situational funniness

What about you guys?",0,68
90,Can men be friends with women? ,0,6
91,I feel like this has been asked a million times but...Can men be friends with women? ,0,16
92,How to explain painfully tight sex to new partner? ,0,9
93,"How do I have meaningful conversations with my wife? I dont think i know how to talk to my wife anymore. Weve been fighting for a while about our lack of communication and i agree, were struggling. Last night we were watching tv, and i honestly couldnt think of one thing to say to her. Episode after episode, nothing came out. Her day is spent working from home and she doesnt want to talk about work. I leave for work and come back but again, talking about work is not really a fun or meaningful conversation topic. With covid and being unable to do much outside our home, our lives have become so mundane, it feels like theres nothing exciting for us to share with each other. How do i show my wife that i am interested in having conversations with her, without coming off as being forced?",0,148
94,Would you consider a total of  sexual partners at age  modest or on the high end? ,0,16
95,Would you consider a total of  sexual partners at age  conservative or on the high end? ,0,16
96,Would you consider a total of  sexual partners at age  conservative or on the high end? According to statistics the average number of sexual partners is . Do you think that is low or high considering the generation that is now ? ,0,42
97,"Not very confident, need advice. ",0,5
98,What is the laziest thing you and your partner ask each other to do? A little while ago my husband handed me the remote control and asked me to put on his favorite tv show. I did it for his lazy ass because Im also a lazy mofo and he does plenty for me. Were now in a competition to recall who is the laziest ever. What do yall do for your beloved?,0,73
99,Am i a sosiopath/psycopath ,0,4
1,How do I see red flags? ,0,6
2,"Men of Reddit, why do ~some~ guys pretend to be everything a girl wants to make her sleep with them? So this has happened to me (F) and many females that I know, many times. You tell a guy exactly what you want in a guy, they magically form into that guy, get you to sleep with them and then onto the next girl. Do they not have a conscience or?",0,71
3,Girlfriend () told her sister our sex life ,0,8
4,"Just found out I am going to be an uncle, what are some annoying toys I can get the kid? As the tittle suggests, I want to get my brothers new born some really annoying toys so I can continue to bug him from afar. Does anyone have any suggestions?",0,50
5,What do you think about makeup obsession in society? ,0,9
6,How many sexual partners do you think is common for a  year old living in the United States? ,0,18
7,"Why does my heart beat fast whenever I get a phone call or when someone knocks on the door? Why does this happen, and how do I get over it? ",0,30
8,"How do I bring up I need lube before sex? When do you think is a good time to bring it up? Basically the title, but here's more details if needed: I'm a woman and I NEED lube to not be sore after sex, no matter how attracted I am to a person. Since I found this out, I was fortunate enough to have two partners who offered it, but now I am starting to see this guy and he's a bit more traditional in his approach in general. He's great, but our country doesn't offer much in terms of sexual education and he is unkonwingly leaning into macho culture a lot, so I worry about how to bring it up. How do I gently bring it up without hurting his feelings? I'm completely lost when would you like it brought up as well, just before sex (""Look, I brought lube!"")?!",0,151
9,Does everyone feel the same angst? ,0,6
10,"Men of Reddit, what are the best pair of pajama pants you have ever had and why? ",0,17
11,What do men look for in women? ,0,7
12,We hear about women rejecting men for being short. Have you ever been rejected for having weak biceps? Why or why not? ,0,22
13,Whats been on your mind for years? ,0,7
14,"What's the appeal of this... barely legal as petite as possible look in porn? I dont get. 

One of my friends is a... really big fan of it and I just don't get the appeal. Like how can you guys jerk it to a woman that looks like she's ?  You know I really don't want to chalk it up to just say it's repressed pedophilia but it's like... take a step and think about what you're jerking it to. While yes, she is fully legal, the fantasy(and lets all be honest) is that she's underage. Yeah I said it.  And you can't/shouldn't say ""she's legal shut up"" because that really doesn't help your case if you can't explain it. I can tell you why I'm into many things without this ""boom shut down"" answer. 

Even then if that's just what you're into that's fine I suppose, but when it becomes a fetish/obsession it gets kind of odd no? 

Genuinely curious.",0,161
15,"I am a young man psychologically unable to keep an erection, do you have any advice for me? ",0,18
16,I am a young man unable to keep an erection. Please help me. ,0,13
17,How do men cope with being with someone whose slept with many men especially in society today? (My viewpoint.) (This is the Dark Ages of dating for men) ,0,28
18,"I think my mate needs to get out of a damaging relationship, but I don't think he has it in him to end it, what should I do? ",0,28
19,"My partner is bombarded with ""idiot people"" stress ",0,8
20,"How do I deal with this situation? Leaving my Snapchats unopened, but posting on story. Yet clearly into each other....",0,20
21,why does my beard grow is so many different directions? ,0,10
22,Snapchat habits? ,0,2
23,"Would you date -something year old women your whole life, if you could somehow make it happen? Most men would usually date someone around their age, but for older men that's usually a matter of necessity rather than choice since very few women are interested in, say,  year olds unless they're rich. 

If you could guarantee a constant stream of -something year old women interested in you (by being rich, famous, or whatever), do you think you'd take up that offer all the way into your s?",0,87
24,Help! ,0,1
25,Anonymous Ways You could get revenge on someone? ,0,8
26,Advice? ,0,1
27,How do you contribute to a meeting where you are not a subject matter expert Basically title. I just graduated college as an engineer and I'm about  months into my job. I know enough to have some idea of what's going on in meetings (usually) but not enough to contribute compared to the engineers who have worked there + years. I just don't feel like I have the background knowledge to know what's important on the issues we discuss because they are usually very open ended. I'm trying to just listen right now and learn from the senior engineers but I would like to stop being a fly on the wall. Any advice?,0,113
28,Why do men do this? ,0,5
29,"Men, what's a time a woman had saved/protected you? What's your story? ",0,12
30,"Delay gel, anyone used it ? Does it work ? ",0,10
31,"REPOST: Whats His Deal? Hello, gentlemen. I met a guy online. Im , hes . We texted, spoke on the phone, and FaceTimed for a month before meeting in person a couple of weeks ago. 

We spent a couple of nice days together in a town thats a halfway meeting point for us both. I told him that I wouldnt be staying in a room with him. There was a physical attraction and we obviously kissed...a lot. He said that he likes me and that hes all in, as he put it. 

After our time together, I noticed that he wasnt replying to my texts or calling me back. A few days of that and I was convinced he wasnt really into me anymore. I eventually texted that I was glad that I didnt sleep with him. THAT was the text he decided to reply to. THAT is what made him tell me that he couldnt believe I took it that far. 

I apologized when he finally called and asked for forgiveness. He says that he has to get over it first. I havent heard from him in several days.

So, was he initially done because I didnt have sex with him? Is his ego this fragile? What gives? Is it over? I really do miss him and hope we can move past this.",0,224
32,Please someone help ,0,3
33,Pregnant with a FWB ,0,4
34,should i actually shave my beard for a job interview? ,0,10
35,"What are those jobs people talk about where they BS % of the time and then can just go home? I hear office jobs - but how can I set up my path for this? 
Is it finance, IT, ...? 
The jobs where people say they show up and do nothing and leave.",0,53
36,How do you tell someone their penis stinks or their semen tastes terrible?? ,0,13
37,Smelly penis and bad tasting semen ,0,6
38,"Well friends, who think it is worse, have vaginal sex without a condom with a prostitute or anal without a condom ",0,21
39,How do I become more emotionally available? I feel im emotionally unavailable in my romantic relationships to a certain extent. Any books or articles you guys recommend I read?,0,29
40,Unlearning things as an adult ,0,5
41,"How strictly do you stick to your preferences? Fellow human male here, I personally dont care about most things when it comes to dating, but I know a lot of my friends (men and women) have a bit of a list of things they usually account for when finding someone they like. What kind of stuff is on your list if you have one, and how closely do you stick to it, like would you avoid someone if they didnt mark off a. b. and c.?",0,86
42,Can you Telstra to these bedroom problems? ,0,7
43,Is flirting with others okay when in a relationship? ,0,9
44,How do I stand up for myself? ,0,7
45,Do You Find it Hard to Pee in a Toilet Standing Up? (Men with Dicks Curving Up... )Do You Prefer to Pee Sitting Down if You Can? But maybe better for G-Spot for women? ,0,34
46,How can I become friends with other men? ,0,8
47,Men with Dicks Curving Up... Do You Find it Hard to Pee in a Toilet Standing Up? Do You Prefer to Pee Sitting Down if You Can? But maybe better for G-Spot for women? ,0,34
48,How can I ask him to be more assertive? ,0,9
49,"How can I, a man, become friends with other men? ",0,10
50,Overthinking dates - did I back off too soon? ,0,9
51,Men with Dicks Curving Up... Do You Find it Hard to Piss in a Toilet Standing Up? Do You Prefer to Piss Sitting Down if You Can? But maybe better for G-Spot for women? ,0,34
52,"How do I, a man, can become friends with other men? ",0,11
53,Best store/place to buy casual rings for men? ,0,8
54,"How do I, a man, make other male friends? ",0,9
55,I need a mans opinion ,0,5
56,"How do you schedule your days around working a - job? 
Just landed my first full-time - job. Im trying to prepare for the lifestyle adjustment. How do you fit in everything you want to do into your typical day? Do you workout/go to gym before work? After? What about preparing food for yourself? Do you meal prep? What about keeping your place clean/keeping up on chores and errands? Fitting in hobbies? Having time for a social life, for yourself, for an SO?

What typically works best for you and why?",0,91
57,"Older Men, How Did You Stop Working So Hard? I'm in my mid-thirties, stable job, stable life really, but I am trying to figure out how I will navigate the next  years of my career. Work stress is a big problem for me. I often can't sleep and find myself unable to disconnect mentally from work. Throughout several jobs at different companies, I have felt like I am working harder than my coworkers and I am not recognized or compensated for it. I see other people chatting, laughing, going to meetings where nothing important happens, and getting to work from home, all while I am rushing to meet deadlines and I feel like I am doing other departments' work.

**Older men of Reddit who used to work too hard, how did you change your habits or your relationship with work to get to a better place?**

""Maybe it's you, galliumOSuser."" Absolutely. Maybe it's a boundaries thing- maybe I need to say No more often. ""No, that sounds like the responsibility of such-and-such department."" ""No, I can't meet that deadline."" ""No, your project is not my only project and I can't prioritize your project for at least another six weeks."" I guess I could do that, but we're pushed so hard to do more with less in my company. My department is also made entirely of men and I feel like there's a really big nose-to-the-grindstone mentality. I am also certain that managers get bonuses for completing more projects with lower headcount, which is why they won't hire more staff.

Maybe it's a poor choice of career? I've worked in ""logic-y"" stuff, stuff like data analytics and IT hardware. Maybe this is an instance where the people in charge don't really get it, or maybe I'm not making my job and my explanations accessible enough? But I really feel like I am preparing for and cleaning up after the Sales department parties. Like, I do all the heavy lifting, but I don't see any of the bonuses or parties. The one dinner I got invited to for an event I did way too much work for, I was not thanked in a long list of people who were thanked.

In my mid twenties I was an assistant teacher and I loved it. Sometimes I think about getting a teaching license. Sometimes I think about just finding another job that seems more fun.

Older guys who can relate to me, what did you change to have a better work life? Yourself? Your job?

Please note: I only browse reddit while at my computer so responses may take awhile. I appreciate you taking the time to post with your stories and tips.",0,449
58,"Where can I buy very thin, non sweating pajamas or loungewear? I will never understand why mens pajamas are substantially thicker than womens when your gender is more commonly warm. 

I want to buy my boyfriend some thin, breathable pajamas and loungewear so that when were visiting friends or family he has options other than indecent exposure or sweating my balls off.

All suggestions are appreciated. Thank you.",0,68
59,How does your attraction (or lack thereof) to tiny breasted women compare with that of your attraction to large/medium breasted women? ,0,21
60,Help - Libido has disappeared in my mid s ,0,9
61,"What makes you feel complete, at peace, and fulfilled in life? ",0,11
62,Have you ever been genuinely attracted to a woman who has very small breasts? ,0,14
63,Have you ever been genuinely attracted to a woman with very small or no breasts? ,0,15
64,"There's a common trope I see of men don't wipe their asses because they think it's too close to anal play or it will make them ""gay."" Women talk about poopy blowjobs and streaky underwear. Is this really that true??? And if so, WTF is wrong with you? ",0,48
65,Can a woman with very tiny breasts be sexy to you? Has this happened in your life? ,0,17
66,I can only lose weight if I barely eat ,0,9
67,"How do I ""break-up"" with my good friend who is male? ",0,11
68,How do you make friends? Im  and I dont have any friend at all and I cant really go outside because my school is still doing online but I have no friends. The last time someone from my school called me was around  weeks ago and it was about an assignment. Can anyone help?,0,54
69,"Have you ever bought anything because you saw an ad of it on the Internet or TV? Why or why not? With me it has only happened with video games. I will sometimes buy a game i am interested in when i see it's on a large discount. Then again, i am only , so i don't shop that much.

&amp;#xB;

&amp;#xB;

What about you? Have you ever seen an ad of, say, a piece of furniture, or a vacuum, or anything else, and decided to buy it?",0,88
70,What should I do when I turn ? ,0,8
71,"Men of Reddit, What are some things your date does NOT do to show that she's interested in you? Figured some answers would gain some insight from the other perspective.",0,30
72,Do guys care about stretch marks and a little loose skin on a woman's belly? ,0,15
73,Personal Sex Tapes/Photos - a discussion ,0,6
74,"How do I know if she actually cares about me or is playing me, or is just scared? ",0,18
75,"Men who have been gone from being feminine to masculine at some point in their lives, how much difference did you notice in how people treated you before and after? I've always heard that men are more respected for being masculine both in the dating world by women and in public. Is this the case?",0,55
76,Does Getting A good grade Define intelligence ? ,0,8
78,What do I do after sleeping with an ex I want back? ,0,12
79,"Within the ""Dad Rock"" genre, what female artists or female led groups do you think fit in? I saw one of the ""Now"" compilation albums called ""Now That's What I Call Dad Rock"". Most of it is pretty straight forward classic rock type stuff. Lynyrd Skynyrd, Rolling Stones, etc. There was some more modern stuff on there, like Imagine Dragons and the Lumineers. But then there were a few head scratchers there. Like Natalie Imbruglia and Avril Lavigne. 

Now, I fully believe there are some great ""dad rock"" albums by or featuring women, but IMO Natalie Imbruglia doesn't really fit the bill (no disrespect, just that she isn't ""Dad Rock""). I can see Fleetwood Mac or Blondie on there, but I wanted to put the question to all the men out there to see who others would put on a ""dad rock"" album. No limitation to era. There are some great female led bands or solo artists out there rocking today.",0,161
80,"Honestly, if a woman you are interested in works a blue collar job how does that affect your attraction to her? 

Positively? Negatively? Dont give a sht? Mechanic, in my case. Im just asking out of curiousity Im still gonna pursue this regardless.",0,43
81,"Honestly, if a woman you are interested in works a blue collar job how does that affect your attraction to her? ",0,21
82,What's your go to text after getting a girl's number? ,0,10
83,"Do men want gifts for Valentines day? And if so, what? ",0,11
84,Anyone else move to a new city in the last few (-) years and are now extremely homesick now that we are almost a year into no travel/not being able to go home? ,0,33
85,"Men, what are your thoughts on Madonna-whore dichotomy? Does it hold true in your experience? ",0,15
86,Kate Spade tight wallet query ,0,5
87,"NSFW: How do you overcome self-consciousness when taking nudes? I gotta be honest Im proud of my body and dont have any illness that makes me see myself in an unhealthy way.

With that being said, Im completely fine in person with someone, but when nudes are on the table i sortve freak out.

I dont have a small dick and overweight body, kinda the opposite. Its just when I take pictures of myself I get super anxious and over analyze the pic itself and end up chickening out.

I want it to be perfect and a lot of the times Ill just make up excuses as to why I cant send any then even if Im just in bed, and I want to know how to overcome the fear of pictures. Idk.",0,133
88,Does anyone have impotence advice? ,0,5
89,Impotence answers? ,0,2
90,Impotence ,0,1
91,If my gf really wants to have sex and I don't what do I do ,0,15
92,How do I tell my gf ,0,6
93,"Im ashamed of my father. How am I suposed to accept this fact or change my opinion? I do care for him, but he is just a dick/overall bad person. I think he likes to argue and enjoys finding ways to break rules/laws (didnt get him into trouble though). Could count down a few more flaws.
Lately he has been even worse - constantly shoves his irrelevant opinions about covid/vaccines down other throats.
I don't even think I would invite him to my wedding because I think he would do something stupid.
Is it normal to feel this way? Can I change him to better in any way?


Could also do another post ""how to fix a brainwashed person"" but that isn't for this subreddit...",0,125
94,I don't want to lose my virginity what do I do? ,0,11
95,How do I tell my girlfriend I want to stay a virgin ,0,12
96,"How do I adjust to having a female roommate? Basically the title. Found out a platonic friend was homeless and hadn't told anyone. I have an extra bedroom that I all but told her she was living in now. I don't mind having her here at all, but it's still a bit awkward getting used to things like the fact that a T-shirt and underwear isn't acceptable to get a snack at AM. 
As far as roommates go she's awesome, much better than any roommate I've had before. My only problem is worrying that I'll slip and accidentally make her uncomfortable",0,101
97,item price dropped as soon as i bought it on Amazonfeeling being cheated by AmazonWhat do you think ,0,18
98,"What was some of your favorite post sex parts? Besides the naked cuddling, what made it memorable? Was it the person, casual or partner? A compliment or a food/snack? 

Did they do something specific?
Was it the conversation, sexual or non sex talk?",0,43
99,"If youre being honest with yourself, how much effort do you put into your job each day? ",0,17
0,"Have you ever ended a 'perfect' relationship? If so, why? ",0,10
1,"Do you treat your friends differently by how popular, attractive, smart or even how many girls they get differently from a friend who is not popular and not attractive? My friend group (which does not treat each other differently) was hanging out with a different friend group at a park for a little smoke sesh.  The two bigger and more attractive looking dudes would keep punking their short friend and another kid that was with them that was pretty shy and I could tell he was not confident when he talked as his voice would shake and he couldnt make eye contact.  Anyways the two guys who were so called alpha to them would keep making jokes about them and we started talking about girls and they immediately said these two dont know what a pussy looks like we shouldnt talk about this around them they might get uncomfortable and they started laughing.  This seems so toxic I dont know how a friends group could be like that.",0,168
2,"Whats the weirdest social interaction youve been a part of? Ill tell you mine.

So I was  at the time, just about to give my final exams for school and one night was hanging out with  of my buds near a / convenience store.

It was late at night, around  and we had gotten up to take a break after a group study session.

Suddenly this old woman, seemed a little off came up to us and this is how the conversation went 

Old woman: do you jerk off?

M: ...

Old woman: ok, then do you jerk off?

Friend : wha......

Then she turns to friend  and announced to the whole world

HE JERKS OFF!!

And then she ran away.

I still cant understand what the fuck happened that night.",0,131
3,What is the best razor for shaving a mans private area? ,0,11
4,Should I test for ADHD? ,0,5
5,"Has anyone had to cope with sensitivity issues using condoms? Any strategies, suggestions? ",0,13
6,jekyll and hyde ,0,3
7,Hi there ,0,2
8,How do I do therapy? ,0,5
9,Would u be turned off if a virgin let u have sex? ,0,12
10,"How do I make sure my husband knows that he's not facing a situation alone, when he won't talk about how he's feeling? Hi guys,

My husband (M) and I (F) have been married for almost  years but together for almost . We've been through a lot, including addiction issues in my family and my mom suddenly and unexpectedly passing away. We have a good relationship with his family. His parents have been married for going on  years.

Recently, his mom told him that she was divorcing his dad. We offered that she could stay in our home until she gets a place of her own, which is going to happen this weekend (agreed on by both of us.)

Here's my issue: Numerous times, I have asked him his feelings on the situation and I get no answer. My parents were still together when my mother passed away, so I might not have any experience with this, but I would think that he would have some feelings about his parents getting divorced. When I ask him if he's okay or how he feels about it, he says ""how is that helpful,"" ""it doesn't matter,"" ""it's none of my business"" or ""I can't change it."" Which, I guess he's correct about all of these things. I guess we are more involved in the logistics of the situation since his mom will be coming to our house so he's trying to be helpful, but it seems like he is just shutting down whenever I ask him about his feelings. I have anxiety and I have a therapist, so I think it's healthy to talk about feelings, but that's not how he operates. I've told him that we don't have to say anything to them and it will be a discussion between the two of us, and that I'm here for him, and that it's normal and human for him to have emotions even if they're not helpful and can't change anything. He keeps insisting that his feelings don't matter, and I am afraid that he is going to bottle everything up and then end up snapping over something stupid, or feel like he's facing this alone.

All advice is welcome here, whether it's a conversation or whatever else. Guys, is there a way I can help him, and let him know that he's not alone and I'm here for whatever he needs? What would you suggest?

Thank you!",0,406
11,Homosexual men would you date a trans man? ,0,8
12,What does a boner feel like? ,0,6
13,Erectile Dysfunction or no? Help lol ,0,6
14,"How do you deal with the Topic with your SO when she asks ""How's Work?"" I mean for me Work is just work same stuff things happen and that's it. Then she'll say ""I want to know more."" and I'm like I did inform you everything, nothing new etc and she's  a bit ticked off based on what I said and she might feel as well that I'm not saying anything more but I did already. How do you handle this? I just don' want to talk about work related stuff when it's done and I just want some quality time with her.",0,103
15,How do you feel when you find that special connection/click with someone? ,0,12
16,What does the word connection mean and feel like to you? ,0,11
17,What is you opinion on being the little spoon? ,0,9
18,Whats the first thing you notice when you look at a woman? ,0,12
19,Why do men share porn videos or naked lady pkcs with other men? ,0,13
20,What do men want in a woman? ,0,7
21,"Why am I bothered by someones sexual past at  years old when I have one of my own? Im sure Im going to get some backlash here but Im genuinely struggling with thoughts of my partners sexual past. Im M and have slept with  women.  of which were dating - the other  were  time drunk hookup (that I truly regretted). 

My partner is F and has been with  people. All of hers were relationships - never had a FWB, ONS, or drunk hookup. 

For some reason, I find myself dwelling on the fact that  people got to experience her. I know this is hypocritical considering my own past and Im truly trying to change the way I view it. I dont believe it has anything to do with being insecure as her and I have a great connection and we have AMAZING sex. Each time afterwards she literally repeats how I didnt know sex could be so enjoyable or so good to which I reply - you say that every time haha. 

Shes also informed me that she has never orgasmed or gotten off from a past partner. (Only with a vibrator). She said that in the past, shes never desired sex, to the point she had her hormones checked out (they came back normal). 

Once again, I know this is going to be viewed as immature and Ill be told to simply grow up but I am fixated on this and its not that simple for me.

Thanks.",0,249
22,"Codependent men, how do you maintain boundaries in your romantic relationships? ",0,11
23,How to have a good career and climb through an organization as an Individual Contributor? ,0,15
24,"How do I become less emotional 
Long story short, I am not great at dealing with pressure at all, even if it's a little bit of pressure. I am kind of neurotic, (kind of being a lot) and I'm realising that if I ever want to pursue a career in medicine as a doctor, this is going to stop me in my tracks. Yesterday I had an emotional outburst over my dad going on a scamming website in which his bank details got stolen and struggled to sleep at night knowing what my dad did (Even though it wasn't his fault). 

I'm easily prone to stress, emotional vulnerability and losing my bearings quickly. I've had therapy in school for my anger issues but it doesn't seemed to have worked, I've tried stoicism but the issue is that stoicism teaches you to detach your emotions from situations and yet I find this incredibly hard, anyone got any advice?",0,157
25,Why am I so caught up on someones sexual past when I have one of my own? ,0,17
26,What is so attractive about vaginas? I dont get it,0,10
27,"Our sex was good, how can I get over the worry that I wont ever be as turned on for another man as I am with him? ",0,27
28,Men-What are your opinions on your girlfriend working in construction/skill trade. ,0,11
29,Why would you stay with someone for  and a half years if you loved someone else? ,0,16
30,"Can someone describe to me what a ""hopeless romantic"" is ? Google isnt helping me understand fully",0,17
31,Is he just trying to use me for sex? ,0,9
32,Would you stay with someone for three and a half years if you didn't love them enough? ,0,17
33,"Men who had long hair and then cut it. How did you prepare yourself mentally for this. I have been letting my hair grow for about  years now , and am planning on getting it cut (with much regret , I have come to terms with the fact that it infact does not suit me) , but I'm having a tough time preparing myself , I keep on delaying the inevitable. Any advice ?",0,74
34,What movies or shows would impress you if your partner put them on to watch with you? ,0,17
35,"Have you ever broken your personal code to be with someone, if so, what happened? ",0,15
36,Online shopping suggestions ,0,3
37,Does anyone feel a rush but semi-craving when they get aroused? ,0,11
38,If you could instantly have one actor/celeb/athlete's physique which one would you choose? And if it's an actors from what movie? ,0,21
39,"Straight men: did you have a ""phase""? ",0,7
40,What is the best most trusted multivitamin for bodybuilding these days? ,0,11
41,"How can I be helpful without being overbearing or naggy? I have found that with my male signifigant others, it can be really difficult to make helpful suggestions (like, maybe you should clean this thing that hasn't been cleaned in a while soon, check your email for that important message you're waiting on, apply for that scholarship etc.) without coming across as controlling or overbearing. 

I would stop with the suggestions altogether, but it seems like if I stop, the things I'm suggesting will likely never get done, and I can't really do things like check someone else's email for them. 

How would you prefer that your S.O. remind you of important stuff? Any tips/tricks would be much appreciated! :)",0,120
42,Why when I express my sexual desires to women some tend to back off? Not like too straight forward expressing,0,20
43,"Men with high stress, high intensity jobs: how do you turn it off or disconnect when its time to check out of work for the day - or at least that period of time? ",0,34
44,"men, what are some things that kill your sex drive? ",0,10
45,What was your favorite discontinued fast food item? The [frozen strawberry lemonade](http://.bp.blogspot.com/-mCXfd_to/TdtWEUyI/AAAAAAAABBQ/DT-ipPMMo/s/FrozenStrawberryLemonade_MCD_FSL_R.jpg) from McDonalds needs to make a comeback ASAP,0,20
46,I am an attractive girl but why is it that no guys approach me ,0,14
47,Need Help Knowing Whether to DTR/Ask for Exclusivity ,0,8
48,Me and a girl steals glances often. What does it mean? ,0,11
49,"Why can't I let go of her? In recent weeks, on this journey to healing, I asked myself. Why dont I just say what I want? Itcantbe that hard.Itsjust words. However, I finallycame up withthe answer. Simply put, I was scared that they would leave.

I had so little confidence in my self-worth that I believed that if I disrupted the relationship in any way, then my partner would leave. My attention was fully focused on the negative aspects of myself. Itruly believedthat this was how my partners saw me.

As a result, I kept quiet whenever my boundaries were crossed. Was I upset? Absolutely. Did I say anything about it? Absolutely not.This led me to being in multiple situations where I was frustrated and filled with anxiety butnowhereto release it.

These days, the most important word to me is boundaries. I set hard ones andImvery protective of them. By making my limits clear,Imcommunicating how I would like to be treated in the relationship. Ifthe boundary is crossed, then the relationship is no longer for me.Itsthat simple. I have so much more to add but because of space, i'll leave them here  [Healing Anxious Attachments:  things I noticed on the way - The Insignificant Soul ](https://thebeautyinbeinginsignificant.com/healing-anxious-attachments/) 

My question is: Now that i'm no longer attached, how do I move on?",0,220
50,What are you looking for if you like being teased? ,0,10
51,"When did you realize you've grown apart from very old friends, and how did you cope with the loss? Someone posted this on Askwomen, but since I'm a man and going through this I thought I ask my fellow men. ",0,40
52,How do you want to split work and household duties with your SO? ,0,13
53,"How do I tell my girlfriend that she annoys me? First off, let me just say that Ive been with her for + years now and I love her more than I couldve imagined. Shes so kind to me, making sure Im always in good shape, and doing everything she can to get me there. Shes incredibly sexy to me, I often feel lucky to have such an amazing woman by my side. 

The thing is, and I know this sounds awful, she just annoys the hell out of me. Sometimes, its just the way she talks. Usually when were going to bed, or if she is feeling down, she always has this little kid voice and its super annoying. When she talks like a little kid, I dont see her as an adult, and it sucks. I guess I just dont understand the choice to talk like a child. 

And anytime were around her family, she always feels like she needs to compete with her siblings. She always fights to be the center of attention by forcing uninteresting stories or trying to make a joke out of everything. She literally makes me cringe a lot when were with company. Sometimes I tell her to just relax, be cool, and just enjoy the company. But that doesnt seem to make any sense to her. 

I dont know how to tell her all of this without being a dick, because thats honestly how it sounds. Whenever I make an attempt to voice my opinion, she doesnt believe me, or says she does, but then no change happens.",0,266
54,Teasing During Head ,0,3
55,If you were to prepare an argument on any event in U.S. history what would it be? ,0,17
56,"How to deal with partner whom you've been virtually dating telling you that she avoids meeting you. Been dating a women virtually mostly whom I met during the Pandemic. Due to circumstances we've been not able to meet more than a couple of times the last few months. The first couple of dates were weird since I'm a bit socially awkward and I've had rejections previously where women mentioned that the in person vibe is different from my virtual vibe. When I was planning the next meet she mentioned that she tries to avoid meeting because she doesn't feel the in person connect yet and she's afraid that will ruin the connect we have on phone. She says this is on her because she's not used to dating like this and it's not me. 

I'm heartbroken hearing this and  I don't know what is the further path ahead. My self esteem is rock bottom because of the situation happening multiple times with women and I was really into her and we've been together for  months virtually. I can't stop thinking it's because of me. Advice please!",0,186
57,Why do you ignore a girl when she texts you? ,0,10
58,What do guys want for Valentines? ,0,6
59,Have you ever jerked off to someone you know personally that wasn't your girlfriend/wife/partner? ,0,14
60,"How do you deal with your anger? Hello men,

Im .  for me was the year of the hussle. Worked my ass off, pushed some things very hard. I changed a bit. I became more resilient, I toughened up. Im still a gentle dude towards my friends and Ive always treated them fairly. If not I knew to apologize later (not easy, but in the realm of my capabilities). But theres a new kind of anger inside of me. It can start with my eyes opening in the morning. It must be related to me making sure that I wont be pushed to the side or treated unfairly and it is hard to control. So I was wondering: you who feel similar, how do you cope? How do you channel it?",0,131
61,"Nice way to show appreciation Obviously everyone is different, what ways do men like to receive gratitude the most? Looking to express some to my partner in a thoughtful way.",0,30
62,"I'm having a hard time finding a job and need some advice, what are some things that will improve my chances of an employer contacting me? ",0,26
63,What do men think about women who approach them first ,0,10
64,"Dear men, what does 'masculinity' and 'manliness' mean to you? ",0,10
65,Girl who's never been in a commited relationship: red flag? ,0,10
66,Do you have any career ideas for a yo looking to change paths? ,0,13
67,How do I flirt (effectively) with a guy? ,0,8
68,How to learn a skill / course faster and get a job accordingly ? ,0,14
69,"Not sure what to do 
So, last weekend we went to a small get together my friend was hosting and we got pretty drunk. I grabbed her. And we kissed. And she then said stop we are friends, we shouldnt be doing this. And while we were kissing, she told me her friend that she brought had a crush on me. But then they went to the bathroom and out the blue they went back to my place to grab a bag and she told me her friend was feeling sick so they had to go. So I texted her later that night My fault I was drunk shouldnt have. We good ? And she replied with Its ok bro just dont do it again ok ? and we chill and I went on again to say Im really sorry tho. Are we good? Like fr good? And she replied with Its ok bro I swear, I know ur chill U were drunk so its fine I know how people r so dont worry but for some reason I still feel really bad about it and it feels like its not ok. Ive asked some of my female friends they say its cool. It happens that shes not mad. But I just feel like I made her feel uncomfortable around me and I hate making girls feels uncomfortable. Since she said it was cool her bestfriend was gonna come over and watch a show with me, but she told her best friend not to come over, so Is she really cool about it?",0,263
70,"Men who have loud vehicles and tend to rev them up when going down residential roads, why? Is it your mating call? I don't think you are doing it right.",0,30
71,"How do you start a business if you dont have any financial support?  (M) I come from a middle class family and all the people whom i have seen starting a business have been able to do so because of financial support from their fathers. They don't need to care whether their business will fail or not. While that's not the case with me, i know i wont get any financial support from anyone regarding the same and probably can't start some sort of business unless i am able to save a lot of money.

Is it possible to start a business if you don't have a lot of money running for you?",0,113
72,Is it possible to start a business if you come from humble backgrounds (i.e without family support)? ,0,17
73,"How close are you to your mom? What I mean is, as an adult in your twenties for example - is it normal for you to be so close to your mom that...

- She's your best friend on Snapchat with a streak going
- You text her every single night for a chat
- You tell her about EVERYTHING wrong in your relationship and ask for advice on fights etc
- You ask her to do things for you that you could easily do yourself, such as calling a garage to talk to a mechanic about your car--especially when it's the garage you've dropped your car off at and your mom lives  miles away and has never seen them when you could just talk to them in person
- You bring up ""my mom says/does/likes x"" frequently in conversations with your partner

I ask because my boyfriend says it's totally normal to have that kind of relationship, but I feel like as an adult it just seems too immature. I'm totally a daddy's girl but I can handle my responsibiltiies myself; in fact I prefer to, unless I'm in serious trouble and require help with something I guess. I called him out for telling his mom about our fights and how it made me uncomfortable, but he didn't understand what was so weird about it.

I don't know, maybe I'm biased. Is this a pretty standard mother-son relationship?",0,239
74,Does your penis size (when erect) also go through big variation depending on plenty plenty of factors like temperature or how horny you are ? ,0,25
75,"[NSFW] Whats the best virtual NSFW thing that money can buy? What is the best thing money can buy for virtual porn?

Chaturbate?
A private one-on-one strip show?
Phone sex?
A sext partner?
A premium membership on a video website?",0,40
76,What's an underrated but tried and tested 'pickup' technique that everyone should know? ,0,13
77,[NSFW] Best paid virtual/online porn feature? ,0,6
78, Sexual partners at  years old considered too many? ,0,8
79,How do you schedule your days around working a - job? ,0,11
80,"Men of Reddit, what keeps you interested in a woman for a long run? ",0,14
81,"How many details do you add to your contacts on your phone? I generally add first name, surname, address, email and if I know it I'll add their job title and location.",0,32
82,Pimple on balls not going away ,0,6
83,Does anyone else have the urge to pee everytime they're brushing their teeth? ,0,13
84,Race and attraction survey ,0,4
85,Is it weird if my boyfriends (M) female coworkers (F and F) call him dad? ,0,15
86,"What are signs that a man wants an actual relationship, and not just mess around and have sex? ",0,18
87,"Where do boy next door types hang out? Does this prototype still exist and if so, what defines it?",0,19
88,"Has anyone accidentally shown a racy pic of your wife while showing a buddy something on your phone? 
What happened? Did you tell her? Whats she mad?",0,27
89,Are you attracted to the really long fingernails that some women wear or this crazy eyebrow trend? If so why? I was scrolling around Reddit this morning delaying starting work... And I came across these really impressive nails that were long and shaped like a witches and look more like talons than fingernail... This pointy shape has been a trend for a long time but I know many women have had those exceptionally long fingernails... And I never found them attractive along with that eyebrow trend that many women follow... I figured some men must find it attractive but I've never met any any man who did in real life... So if you're out there I'd like to hear from you,0,121
90,Do you have a favorite mellow playlist? (Spotify) ,0,8
91,"I've never had sex but have found I have more of a desire and urge to go down on a woman. What am I in store for? What advice would you give? I am male btw.

Not exactly sure why I have this urge more than doing all the other sex acts and for the first time. Could be that I lean more to wishing to please the woman more than myself. I guess I also find it very manly and empowering, together with the act of satisfying and focusing on her.

I've read up quite a bit on Reddit and it has been useful (I believe) but thought I'd ask this question on this sub.

Thanks for your help in advance.",0,122
92,"I won a night with breakfast in a luxury hotel, but I have no girl to join me. How would you spend the day/night so it doesn't feel wasted? ",0,29
93,"Guys of reddit, please help me with advice for giving gift ",0,11
94,What would make a man keep attempting to talk to you if you're in a happy relationship and you have been ignoring him? ,0,23
95,Why do Black men hate their women so much? I see Black men abuse Black women everyday. Why? ,0,18
96, body count a lot for someone around  years old? ,0,9
97,Why do some men pay to only see women naked? ,0,10
98,Why I admire my friend? ,0,5
99,SO TURNED ME DOWN FOR THE FIRST TIME (Bj) ,0,9
0,"Men, I have a severe plumbing issue and I am freaking out, can you help? ",0,15
1,SO TURNED ME DOWN FOR THE FIRST TIME ,0,8
2,Men of Reddit: What do you not miss from before the pandemic? ,0,12
3,"How do you Recover, Rebuild and Move Forwards? ",0,8
4,Whats the worst anime universe to live in? ,0,8
5,How do you fill time after a break up? ,0,9
6,"If a guy don't like you, do they lie and bullshit you? ",0,12
7,Nagging threesome ,0,2
8,How do you rebuild after a long relationship? ,0,8
9,Is the Pornhub logo yellow or orange? ,0,7
10,Does the intimate area have some sort of smell naturaly? ,0,10
11,If you're gay homie sucked your Dick would you suck his back? ,0,12
12,"What differentiates a fetish from a sexual orientation? I would be watching porn masturbating then I zone out and start fantasising about shaving all my body hair and putting on makeup, pantyhose and a maxi dress. Then going to my best friend and begging him to dominate me an squeeze my small penis while he calls me his b*tch, with his big penis raping my butthole. I get really hard and I cum a lot. However, after I do the post nut clarity hits and I can't even picture myself ever doing any of that stuff. I want to have sex with the guy's sister. Am I gay? Or bi?

What is the best course of action? 
(I'm (M) black,  ',small hands, small inch pp...)",0,125
13,"For those who were on the verge of suicide, rock bottom, depression so bad you couldn't function. How did conquer it? ",0,21
14,Intimate odours ,0,2
15,"When I (a.t.t. F, looked -) was messaged by a guy who asked when I could come to the town he was in, even though I told him I was  and was in a province of a different country and he seemed genuinely suprised when I told him I couldn't (&amp; wouldn't) come see him. What did he expect to happen? ",0,61
16,Is there any complications after getting a vasectomy? ,0,8
17,Should I propose? ,0,3
18,Men who have had the snip ,0,6
19,What do I need to do when I wake-up in the morning. ,0,12
20,"Those of you who have played any of the Mass Effect games, who's your favourite character and why? I think Joker, EDI, Liara, Ashley, Kelly and Cora are my favourites. They're extremely well written with sharp contrasts to each other that round each other out at the same time.",0,49
21,Men of reddit - how do you find other men to hang out with outside of work ? ,0,18
22,Am I the only one who showers in the dark at night ,0,12
23,Do you see a future in Capitalism? ,0,7
24,Is there a better way to treat saggy testicles? ,0,9
25,What is something that you would like to accomplish before you die? ,0,12
26,"Where goes the barrier between a woman flirting with you in a nice, flirty way, and too desperate way? For instance, I tend to get pretty touchy with a guy if he shows me physical affection too (like taking me under his arm) - one time I touched lightly his inner thigh which was close to his crotch.

Is this kind of behavior seen by men as a ho behavior, or just woman whos confident and shows you she likes you?",0,81
27,"Men of Reddit - What traits make a woman someone youd sleep with (booty call material), but never date? *TL;DR* - Guys put a lot of effort into gaining my interest, then only seem to remember I exist at booty call hour. What, in your opinion, determines whether a woman is someone youd sleep with versus someone youd date?

I (F) have started to notice a recurring theme in my romantic affairs over the last  years or so. 

Practically every guy Ive developed any legitimate interest in has been the type to work really hard to gain my interest, then put forth very little effort once they have it. After the initial chase period, they almost exclusively contact me/want to see me at ~am (usually drunk) and then return to minimal contact until their next lonely booty call hour.

I dont *feel* as though Im doing anything particular to encourage this - I almost never entertain am come over texts, and Im % content being single so Its not like Im desperate or needy. 

Yet, this has happened enough that I can say I am *definitely* the common denominator. 

Im starting to wonder what makes someone booty call only material versus someone you could actually develop a relationship with? Whats the difference between the late-night fun girl and the girl youd (eventually) bring to meet your mom?

Soo.... Help me understand, men of Reddit. **What traits/factors make you automatically place someone in the booty call category?**",0,246
28,"Men of Reddit, what's the dumbest or most inappropriate thing you've heard a male friend say to a woman, such that you're like, ""Seriously, dude, WTF?""? ",0,26
29,"Why haven't you told your crush how you feel? I'm thirty and very unconfident, I don't believe I have much going for me career wise. I'm working on fitness but she's intimidating in all the categories that matter to me. Plus, we are really close friends and I haven't said anything about it so why would she think anything different after this long?
So it comes down to I'm afraid of losing the friendship I have.
What's your reason?",0,79
30,What are you learning in ? ,0,6
31,Issues with ED ,0,3
32,Did anyone else experience a huge drop in sex drive in your mid 's? ,0,14
33,Have you ever been with a woman that you had a deep connection with but that you were not sexually attracted to? ,0,22
34,Do you know when we have our periods ,0,8
35,Is it normal not to cry? ,0,6
36,where do I start with Beard care? ,0,7
37,"Men of Reddit, when you sit in the shower does ur penis touch the floor? ",0,15
38,"Why are you currently awake? I am, because apparently, the closer I am to ... the more empty my bladder must be for me to sleep.

I'm basically at the point of urge only, with no actual urine production.",0,39
39,"how do you know where to draw a line (what flaws you can accept) in a romantic relationship? Tldr: how do you know where to draw a line (what flaws you can accept) in a romantic relationship?

I often find faults (?) in people I'm seeing/dating, like they are not empathetic, ambitious, discipline, kind enough etc. For example this guy I'm seeing now has a good job, is responsible, good looking, consistent at messaging me but he seems to lack basic empathy and I'm starting to think we are incompatible. 

When you all date, how do you know if something is an absolute deal breaker? And how does his/her other traits come into play when you decide whether to proceed further or not?",0,123
40,What's your go-to pair of socks? idk whether is just me but I've been thinking about this and realized I do have a favorite brand/pair - wondering if others feel as passionately as I do on this matter :),0,39
41,"How to forget the past? Im too focused on the past and remembering the good times I had with certain individuals that are no longer in my life. This is preventing me from moving a head with my life.
Im . I feel like the first step would be to delete social media?",0,53
42,How have your tinder experiences been? ,0,6
43,"I [M] am a pretty sentimental and Romantic guy, anything wrong with it? ",0,13
44,Turning  hit harder than I thought. Any advice? ,0,8
45,"Boxer, trunks, boxer briefs or V shaped underwear, which is most comfortable? ",0,12
46,"Guys of reddit, how do you show a girl that you're attracted to her? ",0,14
47,Has a woman ever told you she regretted sleeping with you? ,0,11
48,I [M] am a pretty sentimental and romantic guy. Anything wrong with that? ,0,13
49,Are blowjobs supposed to feel like something or are they overblown ,0,11
50,Any men who go into lingerie stores with their GF? ,0,10
51,"What deeply held belief were you wrong about (from your perspective)? How did you reach that conclusion, and what happened next? ",0,21
52,"Though I really dont want to, I am currently considering breaking up with my long term girlfriend. What would you do to prepare in order to make it easier to handle? Title. I hope this question isnt breaking any rules. Shes toxic, not the same girl I fell in love with. I am extremely attached however, so letting go feels like life or death. How have other men in this situation prepared for this? Before, during, and/or after.",0,78
53,Is there a correct way to masturbate?and do i have a problem? ,0,12
54,ESCORTS ,0,1
55,One of my guy friends confessed his love to me. ,0,10
56,"Men +, what is your sex drive like? I'm f and have always been into older men, but have never been with one. I know this  year-old single guy that I have always been extremely attracted to. And no, he's not loaded; it has nothing to do with that. I am just wondering if men this age even want sex? I am embarrassed to have to ask this, but this is uncharted territory for me and I don't want to make an ass of myself by making a move. Any input would be appreciated. Thanks!",0,95
57,How important is eye contact during sexual intimacy? ,0,8
58,Do  year-old men get horny? ,0,5
59,"Those who travel a lot for work - what do you do? About to graduate and think I may have a shot in the field I want to go into (which could potentially require a ton of travel).  I personally love traveling, and love to fly, and want to incorporate those things into my future career.  On the off-chance what I want to do does not work out, I'm sort of curious what other people do that allows them to travel/fly all over?",0,83
60,"Men who lack empathy, how have you changed that? ",0,9
61,Advice needed ,0,2
62,"How do you get over the feeling of wasted time in a relationship? For some context of my own I recently connected some dots and realized I was led on since the pandemic started in a long distance relationship. A few months prior I put off a career opportunity to make things work with my now-ex. 

If I were to have gone along with my plans I would have already had a years worth of experience. But now I have nothing to show for that choice. How the fuck do you manage the regret, frustration, and resentment that comes with this? 

Sure I learned and grew from the experience I suppose, but to me it doesn't equal the value that the other option held. How have you dealt with similar experiences?",0,131
64,"Men of Reddit. I have been working out mainly lower body for the last  years and my booty has grown in size considerably. Along with it though, so has my discomfort between my booty cheeks. How do I handle this? Any tips to increase comfort down there? ",0,47
65,"what do I do when a girl says she doesnt want to date for another few years but she still wants to be ""close friends""? ",0,25
66,How do I acquire friends in college without letting them know Im a turtle? Dont be hating because my shell is harder than yours,0,24
67,Asking for friendship advice ,0,4
68,Is it really necessary to spit on the urinal before taking a piss? ,0,13
69,How do you know that a guy's into you? ,0,9
70,Is a threesome a bad idea for a loving marriage? ,0,10
71,"I borrowed money from a wealthy friend, he said I could keep it. Now he wants it back. ",0,18
72,What is the best ice cream flavour and topping? ,0,9
73,"Stigmas, Self-compassion, &amp; Mental Health of LGBQ Young Adults Ages - (Chance to win  of  $ gift cards!) ",0,18
74,What's your go to icebreaker when approaching a woman? ,0,9
76,"How do I vent and talk about people I know that are frustrating, annoying, and overall doing and saying things that I'm judging without feeling like I'm gossiping/talking shit behind their backs? I really hate gossiping and talking about people in a negative light. It makes me feel slimy but sometimes I feel like I'm going to explode if I don't get it off my chest!",0,66
77,What would be your ideal valentines day? ,0,7
78,"How did you escape from the ""I don't have the means/time for a relationship"" mentality? I was never big on relationships in high school. I have always kept my romantic life to myself and very close friends. Specifically, my family NEVER knew about any girls (due to them joking about my first ""girlfriend"" many years ago). My one real girlfriend in high school was kept secret, and dates were ""hanging out with friends"". I honestly wouldn't be surprised if they think I am gay due to my silence on the topic.

I was thinking my freshman year of college would be the first time in my life were I could really invest in relationships because of the new acquaintances (girls), but I have remained online through my freshman year. I can assure you there are no girls at my desk at home. It will probably be difficult enough to meet new people as a sophomore once I am on campus.

My point is that I just don't know when the delay ends. It keeps being ""I will talk to girls seriously soon."" How do I get past being afraid of this topic around my family, and how do I get out of the ""it will happen eventually"" mindset?",0,208
79,"Guys, what do you do after orgasming to keep the sexual mind set going to be able to go another round? What are some good suggestions or pieces of advice about this?",0,32
80,"I just started to become sexually active, how do I avoid losing my boner when putting on a condom? ",0,19
81,How do I get my life back in order? Ive been trying planning on getting my shit together tomorrow since last year...,0,22
82,"Anyone else ever pulled their boxers on backwards by mistake, and then later fumbled helplessly trying to whip it out to deal with an urgent emergency? ",0,26
83,Problem keeping erected in a cowgirl situation ,0,7
84,How to ask a guy for a hook up situation ,0,10
85,"Do you think more about making a woman *feel* safe, or whether or not they *are* safe? ",0,17
86,Do you use the crotch flap on your underwear? ,0,9
87,When was the last time you petted a cat and how did that make you feel and why? ,0,18
88,Getting hard but not so hard in cowgirl ,0,8
89,Whats the best way to ask to know what the salary for said position is when the job posting doesnt include it? ,0,22
90,Can someone give me a step-by-step guide of how to get a girlfriend? How do you approach? ,0,17
91,Men that are single af and have given up on dating apps. How do you kill your free time now? ,0,20
92,Men that are single af and have given up on dating apps. How do you cope ? ,0,17
93,"As a man myslef, don't you find porn bizarre and creepy? ",0,11
94,How often do you screenshot / save selfies or photos of your crush on social media? Do you ever?,0,19
95,What's the best diet for producing the largest single log of shit possible? I'm in a competition.,0,17
96,My self esteem is ruining my relationship ,0,7
97,I cant stop thinking about my ex ,0,7
98,Guys how do you feel about a relationship but the girl has a lot of pets? ,0,16
99,"Men, what do you mean when referring to someone as ""wholesomely beautiful""? Is this a compliment or a friendzone thing, when said to a woman?",0,25
0,"How do you manage weight control in your s? I've always been a slim guy. In the past  years or so I've definitely had to keep an eye on my weight, and eat less/exercise more accordingly to maintain weight. However, these last few months - possibly due to covid or the cold weather - I've gained a lot of weight. I want to stop this early so it doesn't become even harder to manage later. But with quarantine stopping me from seeing friends and going to my regular exercise classes, and with the winter stopping me from enjoying runs/hikes, I'm at a loss on what to do. I used to regularly do workout DVDs but I've run them so many times they're too boring watch again. Thoughts or advice appreciated.",0,130
1,Cant stop thinking about my ex ,0,6
2,How do guys hide a boner in bed? ,0,8
3,"Men whos ex came back after she dumped you, how did you handle it? I just wanted to hear about some real experiences of men whos partner had dumped or cheated on them and left, but then later came back. Why did they come back? and How did you handle it?",0,51
4,"How do you guys deal with post nut clarity, and has it caused you to re-evaluate yourselves in any way? ",0,20
5,Do you prefer deodorant or antiperspirant? ,0,6
6,To all men tits or ass?? ,0,6
7,Deodorant or antiperspirant? ,0,3
8,"As a guy, is it frowned upon/not good to talk to your SO about your personal problems? ",0,17
9,Have you ever had something you want to as a prostitute? I am a prostitute ask me anything? ,0,18
10,"As a guy, is it a bad thing to talk to your SO about your problems? ",0,16
11,[M] Is it a bad thing to talk to your SO about your problems? ,0,14
12,How can I stop being bored of women? ,0,8
13,"Men of Reddit, what are some signs that a guy is crushing on a girl? ",0,15
14,Seeing my brothers friend.. ,0,4
15,Do men like to pursue women for a while before the relationship is established? ,0,14
16,Is it possible for men to be friend with their ex crush? ,0,12
17,Are guys on tinder scared to ask girls out? ,0,9
18,What's the least amount of equipment I can use to get properly ripped at home? ,0,15
19,BF sexualizing birds!!??? ,0,3
20,"How do you handle pompous, elitist, know-it-all type individuals? I've come to realize that I absolutely can't stand people like that.

People like that really fucking piss me off and in the rare instances when I do choose to challenge them, a lot of the times they either brush me off, they invalidate and downplay my feelings, or they gaslight me. I have to stop myself from doing anything irrational a lot of the times in those situations so I don't make matters worse.

And then I leave feeling all dumb and I just start beating myself up over it. 

I'm not even comfortable with confrontation, so my emotions really go haywire and get the best of me being in situations like that.",0,123
21,You can have whatever penis size you want but it would always be erect. Would you do it? ,0,18
22,"I told him he can look at my boobs whenever, he just needs to get a better view. He replied with Youre something else. Is that a good thing or negative? ",0,31
23,"At what point of seeing someone new would you delete your dating apps?  If you don't delete your dating app, are you just not that into her?

How long would you expect to be seeing a woman before you cut ties with another woman you are sleeping with regularly? 

Also, this may sound too black and white but what are milestones you look for when you plan are making a girl your girlfriend? Just looking for insight here on if a (m) likes me or sees me as a fwb. At what point do you decide to make a fwb into a potential partner? How will I know he sees me as a potential partner without straight up asking.

This is in the context of never determining what the other person is ""looking for"" but I don't want to ask too soon so I'm trying to feel out the situation/go with the flow.",0,153
24,"Do you ever think ""lol"" and then feel embarrassed but then relieved because nobody else can hear your thoughts? ",0,19
25,Fortnite insults and their meanings ,0,5
26,How did you improve yourself/life after a breakup? ,0,8
27,Is it weird that every time I'm done beating my meat I have to pee? ,0,15
28,"Am I friendzoned? Need your wisdom, Reddit ",0,7
29,"[Date] how to tell her to slow down First date with her today. Everything went fine and I'd love to see her again but it was really just a first approach for me. She is seduced, I am not (yet). It is am here and I just noticed she sent me a cheesy message earlier this evening. I'll answer tomorrow, I wish I would have seen it earlier.How to tell her to take it slow without hurting her?",0,78
30,"How to explain women ''bullying'' men into engaging with them?  Over multiple years (but especially during high school) I've experienced this phenomenon where women I am not particularly interested in employ a weird ''trick''. They call you gay in a manner to overtly make you prove otherwise. As in ''kiss me, pussy'', DO IT. I have found it to be equal measures cringy and infuriating. On top of that, I have never caved in on this. Since this is still a prevalent thing, I must ask. Which one of you FOOLS keep falling in on it? :D  
I'm curious if this could be classified as sexual harassment. Whatcha think, reddit?",0,110
31,Close friend said something really rude/mean to my other buddy. Should I say something? ,0,14
32,What is the best part about cheating? ,0,7
33,"Stigmas, Self-compassion, &amp; Mental Health of Gay, Bisexual, and Queer Young Men: Ages - (Chance to win  of  $ gift cards!) ",0,21
34,How do you feel when you see a pretty person? ,0,10
35,What do you do when you dont like your best friends significant other? ,0,13
36,Dead serious question about removing booty crack hair ,0,8
37,Whats is a comeback that you wish you wouldve said during a heated argument? ,0,14
38,"Have you ever been pursued by a woman who you thought was ""too good"" for you? If so, why did you think that and what did you do? ",0,28
39,What sucks about being a man? ,0,6
40,"Have you ever been pursued by a woman who you thought was ""too good"" for you? ",0,16
41,"Men who never became a father and never wanted to - may I ask why? I'm  and I'm not feeling it. Nothing. I'm with a great woman, have enough money, and I'd probably be a good dad. Not sure I can explain exactly why. I just really don't want to raise a kid.

I feel alone with this though because of society - you just gotta have kids. Can't imagine what my family would say if I decided so publicly. It would destroy my grandad for sure. And when your friends keep getting kids, the pressure keeps building as well.

Feel free to share. Maybe also dads who was in doubt once, but then all of a sudden turned and wanted kids... Maybe it happens one day. I just don't see it.",0,132
42,Whats a good hairstyle for a U-shaped receding hairline on a young guy? ,0,13
44,How do you mentally power through at your job when you've made the decision that you need to leave but are still looking for your next opportunity? ,0,27
45,What do you find attractive in a person that for % of people wouldn't be a turn on? ,0,18
46,"After work, she became the victim of Sumberpucung bust begging ",0,10
47,"Is it possible to get out the fwb zone? Why or why not For someone who is in her early s and the guy mid s is it possible for her to get out the fwb zone or should i just be friends with him if i cant not be around him? He takes me on dates, buys me food, i feel comfy around him and we cuddle. We see each other like once or twice a week because we are both busy.",0,83
48,Which sexual position makes you cum the hardest? ,0,8
49,"Men who formerly visited/ spent money on cam sites regularly, why did you stop? What was the endless chat like? It seems like a constant cascade of replies &amp; tippers. 

What did you get out of it &amp; was it worth the money, are you glad you left it behind?",0,50
50,"Guys that cum within less than  minutes, why? Do you care about your partner enjoying the sex too? ",0,18
51,"How many males do you think use being a nice guy as an excuse for not getting girls? Im not sure if many people actually do this, but its just a thought I had.

Im not one that has got many girls over the years, and I consider myself a pretty nice guy to girls.

I considered that nice guys are perceived to be less successful with girls, and pondered whether Im using it as an excuse for not getting girls because thats not what girls like. 

For instance, when I talk to a girl I dont particularly find attractive, Im a lot less attentive to what theyre saying as opposed to someone Im attracted to.

I think its probably the truth, considering the nice guys thing is most probably a myth.

 The Ugly Truth is that girls do like nice guys, and I may not even be a nice guy, but have been hiding behind that faade for years.",0,160
52,"Men of Reddit what do you keep in your pockets, or do you carry a bag? In my day to day I just have my phone, wallet, keys and a reusable mask in my pockets.",0,35
53,"So whats a ""home girl?"" I never really understood the term and the relationship you have with them.",0,18
54,"Gentlemen, how do you deal with a shitty boss? I work for the government as an engineer, and the management at my current position is just terrible:
  
* When I was offered the position, the senior manager said that it should be no problem to promote me once I meet the experience requirements a month after starting. I turned down another position that was offering the same promotion to take this job. They refused to give me the promotion until  months after working.
    
* Speaking of our senior manager, he is always in his office with his door shut, constantly complaining and talking shit about something or someone. 
  
* During the pandemic, most people are working from home. We have the capabilities to work from home too, but we continue to work from the office.
  
* Our direct supervisor sometimes gives us tight, arbitrary deadlines for tasks that do not actually need deadlines. We already have a continuous, never-ending load of work on our plates and the deadlines just unnecessarily stress us out. 
  
* When we go out to do field work, we have to let the direct supervisor know before we leave. If we are doing design work, we send him a field log of each day, how many locations we've visited, and the times of our pictures. He checks these times to make sure that we're consistently working and not taking extra long breaks, and questions us about our day if he feels something is up. There are multiple times when he has contacted me to ask me when I'm coming back to the office not because he needs me at the office for anything, but just because he is wondering why I am out in the field  minutes longer than he estimated. We've all been working there for a year and don't steal company time, yet he still feels the need to Big Brother us.
  
* Micromanagement. We do project management, and can't be trusted to manage these projects on our own without the direct supervisor chiming in on most e-mail responses and what action we should take. We have to CC him on every e-mail. A good portion of the e-mails I send related to my projects have to be reviewed by the direct supervisor first. I produce good work, so this just feels belittling.
  
* One of our team members straight up quit without another job lined up.
  
This is the first shitty management I've had and I'm having trouble dealing with it. I know I should just be a good boy and just take the abuse until I can find a new job, but sometimes it festers and I lash out. Any ways to let the frustration out in a healthier way?",0,458
55,Why do men place so much importance on the size of their dick? ,0,13
56,How do you get out there when your hobbies are all in doors? ,0,13
57,"I hate spending money, is something wrong with me? ",0,9
58,Am I the Rebound? ,0,4
59,Have other guys jerked off while driving? ,0,7
60,How do you deal with being an adult raised without a male role model? People have been saying I'm not assertive enough and I feel this is an issue with many men in my situation. ,0,35
61,"How can I kindly ask the man I am getting to know to ask about me? Its been  months and we really started out wellrealizing pretty quickly that much of our political and moral stances were the same... but to make this quick cause Im so frustrated, Ive been the one asking all the questions. Ill wait all day for him to write me because sometimes it just feels like Im bothering him. (were both parents and work full time so we havent been able to spend time together very much) and he will sometimes say something at the very end of the day before he goes to bed, and sometimes he will write me a little earlier in the evening asking how my day was... but thats it. He doesnt ask about me...or anything to get to know me. 

Apparently hes interested because he does write to ask how I am... but after  months Im tired of being the one to ask engaging questions... feels like hes not interested and I could use some advice to try and ask him to ask about me. 

TIA",0,186
62,What kind of clothing do you feel most attractive in? ,0,10
63,"How do i get my dad to stop smoking? I'm very scared of losing my dad since he is pretty much the only family i have left.

My dad has been smoking for about  years and he is  now overall he's health is good.

But i'm worried i've heard  after about  years cancers might start developing and cancer took my mom in just  years.

He has made a few attempts to quit before but never succeeded.

I need help please......",0,80
64,Guys who shave regularly: how do you deal with razor buns and bumps? ,0,13
65,Im (F) afraid to play tennis because my crush/best friend (M) plays it and I feel like he thinks Im only interested in it because of him. ,0,27
66,"Men who struggled with women at first, but became smooth and started attracting more women, what changed? As the title says, what made you go from zero to hero? 

What advice do you got for the boys who are down bad out here?",0,43
67,What's something that someone did to you in your past that you are still struggling to forgive? ,0,17
68,"Men of Reddit, why do you spend so much time in the bathroom?? ",0,13
69,"At what point do I have a right to say something about my Roomates GF being over too much? I will try to keep this detailed but concise because there are things I want to be considered

My Roomate and I have been friends for years and moved together about  months ago. Upon doing so we didnt have the traditional talks about cleanliness and expectations, and I believe it was because that friendshipwe kinda figured wed both just get it if that makes any sense. Since we moved together Covid hit, which has made me a lot more understanding as to why his girlfriend is over a lot, but it has gotten ridiculous. She lives in another state and so when she comes she usually stays for weeks, and sometimes that will reach a month+. When this happens he tells me nothing. Theres no warning that shes coming, no talk about when shes leaving or anything for that matter. For me this is my first Roomate situation because I spent most of my s in a serious relationship and living with her, so Im just not quite sure what the general rules and understandings are when it comes to this. To make matters worse hes a jealous type. While hes never told me anything specifically, she doesnt talk to me when hes near (no hi or GM), and shes explained to me the reasoning. This obviously makes it super uncomfortable. To be fair they stay exclusively in his room, and you can tell he does that specifically to stay out of my way, but she doesnt help pay anything, at least not in a way to where I am helped, and this is obviously not in our original agreement. She helps clean, she cooks a lot of food and leaves me leftoversby all means she is a great person and very helpful, but I still get annoyed as hell. For me, I just dont like it. I dont care how nice she is, I didnt sign up to have a third person living in this apt, yet Im essentially forced to do so. Id maybe be ok if we could all get along, but I essentially cant talk to her it seems on top of the inconvenience.

I just dont know what kind of argument I have. Is them staying in the room enough? Should I expect to be warned? Should I expect her to contribute? Is he completely in the wrong? Am I? I appreciate the responses in advance.",0,420
70,"What advice would you give to a woman who is plain in terms of looks? Assuming she is already a healthy weight and works out, has a career. In terms of dating, what advice would you offer?",0,37
71,"What is the biggest relationship red flag that most people ignore? Hey folks, feel free to pass on your wisdom to those of us that are new to relationships. Share your own experiences so we can learn from you. Thank you!",0,41
72,Can men live with their baby mother without any strings attached ? ,0,12
73,"People named Richard, why do you allow other people call you Dick? ",0,12
74,What would you do if your girlfriend texted you shes stressed with a big exam coming up? ,0,17
75,Can men genuinely live in the same house as their BabyMum (BM) without any strings attached? ,0,16
76,Any men stuck home watching the kids? ,0,7
77,What feature do you see first when you see an erotic photo of a woman? ,0,15
78,"What are some song lyrics that you really relate to? One of my current favorites is [""Work"" by Pop Evil](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey--XXlQqY).

&gt;Am I ever gonna break free?     
Will I ever see what it's worth?    
'Cause you tell me to be happy     
When all I do is work",0,46
79,Those of you who are still pining over their one who got away: how tf do I avoid dating you? ,0,20
80,ex boyfriend and I decided to casually start talking again and one day he told me he needed to stop talking to me? ,0,23
81,Do you or do you not watch sports? Why? ,0,9
82,Genuinely Curious-- Is It Shyness/Fear of Rejection or Just Not That Interested? ,0,12
83,"Uncircumcised Americans, how has the status of your member affected your life, if at all? ",0,15
84,"What was the best advice, that your dad gave you? ",0,10
85,How do you feel about asking a partner to please a fat fetish? ,0,13
86,Help me get my man back! ,0,6
87,"How to get my man back Hi askmen!! I ( F)need help getting my ex ( M)back. We broke up  days ago because of a fight weve been having recently. He has always been a sceptic of marriage as a whole and I thought he was over it after he told me to try on rings  months into dating. Well fast forward to now and weve been dating a year and a half and now the idea of marriage gives him anxiety again. I took it very personally and he kept assuring me, it wasnt me its just marriage that gives him anxiety. He told me the only person hes ever seen a future with is me. I forgot to mention I live in his parents guest house due to me finding a good job in his hometown. So we broke up Wednesday and I have since found an apartment to move to. I love him dearly and know we are so well suited for each other. The only thing we fight about is marriage and now looking back my views have changed. I cant imagine not spending my life with him and I dont want marriage if that means I cant have him. All this to say, I talked to him today and he says he doesnt regret breaking up. To which I responded, okay. Well just so you know I dont believe were done yet. Take your time and think and we can revisit this conversation at another time i know he still loves me and I know we can work through this. I just need advice on what to do. I know deep in my heart that he is my forever person.  

Also: hes a Gemini (dont know if this makes a difference lol)",0,297
88,Is having body hair on your shoulders and buttocks gross for a man? ,0,13
89,"Brothers, what products or methods you do to minimize your pores? Im a  man, and my pores are quite huge and I want to minimize pores, I don't touch google so i prefer to ask real people here. Tell me",0,40
90,Is there a possibility of coming out of the friendzone? ,0,10
91,Is having hair on shoulders and ass gross for a man? ,0,11
92,"Those of you who love what you do for a living, whats your secret? This has been on my mind for a while. And watching *Soul* recently has made me think more about it: the difference between a passion and a purpose. Ive seen lots of people dispute the turn your passion into a career so I dont know what to think anymore.",0,63
93,Do guys get a boner when their girlfriends rest their heads on their laps? ,0,14
94,How do you guys go about taking care and looking after yourself when you cant be bothered or are struggling mentally? ,0,21
95,What accent do you find the sexiest? ,0,7
96,"Men, what is something that women do early on in a relationship that is a red flag or turn off? ",0,20
97,Would you guys date ugly women? ,0,6
98,Is it bad to wear -hour-deodorant on a daily basis? ,0,10
99,What are some toxic/fragile masculinity moments some of y'all had and howd your eyes open ,0,15
0,"Men of reddit, what would bring your mood up when you have bad days and don't want to talk to anyone in a LDR? So hey I want to bring my bf's mood up, he told me that lately he doesn't want to talk to anyone and I made him some cute audios etc but he never listened to them it's been a week or two and ik that he can have a stressful job and I don't want to push him or anything but I haven't gotten any answers in a few days even on the weekend asking if he wanted to do something together.
So how can I bring his mood up?
I give him space and I don't try to push communications I know how he feels and he is sorry that he is like that (Ik that he loves cute pics of me and I want to send him a plushie).",0,155
1,"What to do if you hate life? I hate life everyday, I hate every day of my life",0,18
2,just dry out of emotions ,0,5
3,"This is a weird issue, but has anyone ever dealt with the battle of their head vs. heart? If so, which one did you side with? Men,

So I am currently in a predicament where I am in this internal battle of my head vs. my heart as I am still trying to get over someone. I thought initially that I was as I've learned a lot about myself, but my heart has been speaking otherwise. In my head I keep thinking: ""They weren't good for you, they had problems before, they don't know what they want, etc."" My heart thinks: ""I want to be there for them, I want to keep trying, I want to be better for that person."" This is something I haven't been fully understanding of myself and was curious if anyone else has dealt with this predicament? Also, if so which side did you end up choosing? Thanks much!",0,154
4,What does my bf mean by he needs time? ,0,9
5,"[NSFW] What do you consider by ""women being good in bed""? ",0,11
6,How can I lose feelings for someone I love? ,0,9
7,"How does one go about breaking a bad luck streak? In the last several weeks I've been bitten by rabid animals, caught an STI during protected sex, had two fender benders, got my car towed away, clumsily damaged an Air BnB I was staying in and had to pay for some cosmetic repairs... How does one unbreak this spell? Do I eat a chickens head? Accumulate good karma? What do r/askmen?",0,71
8,How crazy is too crazy?? ,0,5
9,at home do you actually wash your hands after taking a piss? ,0,12
10,"How do you deal with a man when he has a lower sex drive than you do? Men, have you dated a woman with a higher sex drive than you? What do you do in that situation? What does either person do?",0,42
12,What song do you like to play in loop after romantic rejection or break-up? And why? ,0,16
13,"What is your preferred disposal method? (nsfw) A male friend of mine was explaining to me how he disposes of his cum after masturbation. He ejaculates into his cupped non-dominant hand and licks it off of his hand. His rationalization was that it makes him self-aware of how he tastes, there is no messy cleanup with tissues, paper towels, etc. that his parents would see in his trash, and his mother would not see the cum in a sock. Is this normal? I have NEVER heard of this clean up method.",0,91
14,Boyfriend said another girl was out of his league and the comment is stuck in my head? ,0,17
15,Do men like flowers in there houses ,0,7
16,"How would you respond diplomatically to an antagonistic remark? Im pretty assimilated ESL dude lives in Seattle. Ok looking man, brown, tall, fit, but Im also the type of guy who once opens his mouth he loses all his credentials. I dont really think Im likable, I had been in one and a quarter relationships, and got dumped. I truly think I get on many peoples nerves, more than the average. 

Friends sometimes just not polite to me. Some friends just want to push my buttons because they enjoy my reaction, which I find it completely juvenile and not funny, or disagreeing with me for the sake of disagreeing with me. I remember few years back a friend argued with me that the majority of Americans are fit. And no, he wasnt joking. 

Back to the question, how would you respond diplomatically to repeated antagonistic remarks, which I get so many of, without creating tension? I like to be assertive, but where do I draw the line before I become rude. How?

P.S. Im asking the same question on r/AskWomen. Id like to see the contrast in responses between men and women.",0,192
17,Do you not feel more manly and attractive with facial hair? ,0,11
18,"In remission from Chron's disease, need assistance with school fees to maintain legal residence and get off disability ",0,18
19,What's something you wish everybody understood about your profession? ,0,9
20,I smell like my dad. ,0,5
21,Do men like to receive flowers as a gift? ,0,9
22,"What's it like to fall ""out"" of love with your first love? Why does this happen? ",0,16
23,"Dear university students, have you ever feel like the things that you study you don't know whether that's enough for exams? ",0,21
25,Define these terms.. ,0,3
26,How can I beat the disadvantage of never being in a relationship? How will it be possible to find someone if I have no experience at my age when most everyone at my age does? ,0,35
27,"Men with average (or small) penises, if there was a way to permanently increase penis size, would you do it or be proud of what you have? ",0,27
28,What are some reasons why you havent asked a girl/woman you like out? ,0,13
29,Home Landscaping Project ,0,3
30,Sincere question from a woman ,0,5
31,Can someone give me some advice for my first date ,0,10
32,How has porn affected your life? ,0,6
33,"I'm . For the past couple of years, I find women under  are really unattractive. As if my brain considers them underaged. Is that common? ",0,25
34,"You have choice: receive  trillion dollars and live until , or get no money and live until . Which one would you choose and why? ",0,25
35,"Have you ever think of those people who keep sending memes/funny photos to others (which means me) are just none other than attention seekers, which want to feel like ""look at me, look at me, I'm funny!"" But actually most of the time they don't and then make them seem like ..... continue down below they are desperate for attention and hence backfire, so they have friends, but only if they keep up the contact, and if they don't, they'll just be them?",0,83
36,"How long do you leave in your shampoo and conditioner? I use tresemm shampoo and conditioner. Yea its marketed for women but fuck that. The conditioner smells absolutely incredible, like extremely potent sweet flowers and sugar. The scent stays in my hair for  hours, if I leave it in for  minutes or so. My question is, how long do you leave your shampoo or conditioner in? Longer? Shorter?

(Most likely doesnt apply to -in- shampoo users )",0,77
37,What would you do in this scenario? ,0,7
38,"If somebody walked out on you during a date, would you pay for the dinner yourself or make them share the expense with you? Why or why not? ",0,28
39,Lifelong mistake ,0,2
40,How do young men feel about buzzcuts / crew cuts ,0,10
41,What should I buy to make a new house feel special? ,0,11
42,"Do you really step into a different realm when you see beautiful women and stare at them in awe, like in the movies? I always think about this when I watch movies and tv shows, you know those typical social settings where some dude sees this one girl in the middle of a whole population of other women, and then everything kinda becomes slow motions for them, like either they bring their glass down REALLY SLOWLY or like smile starts to slowly creep up on their face and what not. And then they just walk over to the girl and they either get into a toxic relationship or they live happily ever after. But like, does that happen to you in realy life when you see beautiful women? Or is it more like a split second decison of 'ah she's hot let me try my luck' situation?",0,147
43,"Men of Reddit, how does a  yo get rid of pimples and blackheads on his face? ",0,16
44,Does anyone find a value from shaving or waxing his whole body-hair ? ,0,13
46,Does anyone find a value from shaving or waxing his whole body ? ,0,13
47,You're given a magic eight ball that can answer any yes or no question definitively. what's the first question you ask? ,0,21
48,How do you deal with opposite love languages? ,0,8
49,"If you have a picture of yourself holding a fish on your dating profile...why? Has a woman ever been impressed by it? 
Why is this a phenomenon?",0,27
50,Turn ons ,0,2
51,Turn offs ,0,2
52,What do you do? What do guys do before their girlfriends come home?,0,13
53,"Men, have you ever felt guilty of carrying your friends secrets? ",0,11
55,How do I kill my girlfriends kid? ,0,7
56,. ,0,1
57,When did you realize following pretty people on Instagram is I huge waste of time? ,0,15
58,why is it that men would most likely choose a younger woman in her s as opposed to one closer to his own age?  ,0,24
59,is this normal to fall in love with a celebrity? ,0,10
60,"How do you pursue women or make her feel pursued? This might be strange question but hopefully I get some honest answers. So I had told a guy that I like to feel pursued. He had no clue what I meant by that and I didnt know how to put it in words that he would understand. I figured that maybe hearing it in mens words would make more sense to him.

So men, how do you pursue women or make them feel like they are being pursued? Also what does pursuing someone mean to you? Also for my not hetero men, feel free to answer too! How to you pursue someone? Please help!",0,114
61,"What does it mean when someone changes the conversation when you suggest to hang out? I have a friend who will change the conversation every time I try to suggest a meetup. We've been online friends for half a decade and we have met numerous times, so I am not dealing with a catfish. He won't give me an indication of ""yes"" or ""no"", but instead will keep the conversation going for as long as possible, while focussing on sub-topics. When I suggest a hangout to see a movie, he will start talking about the movie while not saying ""yes"" or ""no"". When I keep repeating the question, he will answer with a different question like he needs to establish some things before he can answer, but I never get the answer. It's kind of comical actually. I don't understand what that means? Usually when someone isn't interested in me, it's pretty evident from their way of talking that they are not into me because the conversation is dry and very one-sided. That isn't the case at all with this guy. However, my friend seems to prefer being an online friend rather than a real-life friend.  

If you've been on either side of the dynamic, could you please offer some insight that would help me understand what is going on a little better? Thank you.",0,225
62,Did you ever fallen out of love with your current partner? ,0,11
63,How many women have you guys been rejected by? How did you cope with it? ,0,15
64,"Guys who have a girl best friend, what do you do when one of your guy friends wants you to get them together? ",0,23
65,"Guys who have a girl best friend, what do you do when one of your friends wants you to get them together? ",0,22
66,What does he really mean ,0,5
67,"What do men want from a relationship? 
Im , Ive had a couple of serious relationships and Ive been with my current boyfriend for  months. Im really enjoying the relationship as we have a good balance between friendship &amp; attraction, mutual respect, trust etc. I would say things are good from my perspective. 

Ive always asked partners if theyre happy.. probably to the point of self-sabotage, because they always say theyre happy and they wouldnt be with me if they werent. But I just dont trust when they say it. I dont know why but I just cant believe theyre happy in the relationship all the time. Lol. When I ask what my boyfriend wants from me, he just says be yourself. But I get suspicious because how can you just be happy with me? Im nowhere near where I want to be in life, I have relatively little money to my name (but I have good money management) and Im like an / with a fat ass, flat stomach and a handful of boob. He even tells me not to get bikini waxes and encourages me to fart around him &amp; stuff because it makes me human (though I dont let it rip lol).

What I try to bring to the table are good vibes, me and my boyfriend joke a lot. I try not to make him spend too much money on me or do TOO much for me (he makes around /x more than me, were the same age). I try to be supportive. Im vocal about how much he means to me. Im accepting of him and his situation (he has a  year old). Oh and I try to cook for him and make him food he likes. 

I think thats it but like.. is that enough? As the title says I just wanna know what men want from a relationship.",0,315
68,"Fellow guys of reddit, what constructive suggestions do have for dealing with developing attraction to women that you have platonic relationships with? Basically how can you maintain just being friends with women without having to have an awkward, embarrassing moment of confession and basically ending the friendship.
I'm just trying not to fucking make anyone uncomfortable (including me).",0,58
69,"When did you realize you were ugly? Whenever I see a girl with one or two moles, that takes my attention away, and makes me feel disgusted. I have about a dozen just on my face. I recently put those two thoughts together and I'm . Never had more than a first date btw",0,54
70,Black hoodie with a grey t over it. ,0,8
71,What's your 'dad advice' to a young person growing up without any positive male influence in their life? ,0,18
72,Do men also have period? ,0,5
73,What do you think of workplace romance? ,0,7
74,Do guys also have some kind of period? ,0,8
75,A brief questionaire. ,0,3
76,How to find out if a guy is single without actually asking him? ,0,13
77,Does the gender of the therapist make any difference? ,0,9
79,Making My Girlfriend Orgasm ,0,4
80,Any advise? ,0,2
81,How often do you think about ending it? Among other things. ,0,11
82,"What are your most enjoyed historical films and TV shows? What sorts of period dramas and historical dramas have you most enjoyed? 

Are you a fan of the genre? Or are you not particularly a fan of period dramas but you simply enjoy a good TV show or film?",0,49
83,Are male therapists a better choice for depressed men? ,0,9
84,How often do you think about suicide? Among other things. ,0,10
85,"How can I stop taking things so personally? I am in my late s and Im to the point in my life that I should stop worrying so much about drama. But I cant. 

I have a group of about  neighborhood friends and I take it so personal whenever they dont invite me to something or if they throw a joke at me. There are plenty of times where I am invited or they rib each other. I just take everything as an attack and make myself believe they dont like me. 

I dont know how to stop.  I just want to stop worrying and caring so much about what others think but I cant. 

Have any of you gone through this and have figured out how to stop worrying all the time?",0,133
88,"How do you cope with not beeing able to make your girl cum? I'm kinda new to sex and I guess is normal that I alone can't give my girlfriend that satisfaction, just because I don't really know how. But it still feels bad, like I can't give enough pleasure to her in order to get her to reach that state.

How do you deal with this feeling?",0,68
89,What is the perfect female height? ,0,6
90,"What would want your girlfriend to get you, or do for you on Valentines day? ",0,15
91,What does it mean to have no romantic connection? ,0,9
92,"Those of you who are on your path, what do you do in your free time? Title pretty much says it all, but in short, i worked for a company in which I worked basically from waking up to falling asleep, where behind the curtains was manipulation and toxicity.  I finally managed to leave to help my friend run his small family business, and I feel for the first time in my life Im exactly where Im supposed to be.  However, this leaves a lot of free time now where I USED to be working, or dedicating a lot of mental energy to devising escape routes from the company, and Im not sure what to do with it.  I thought this could make a nice discussion on this sub, so lets hear your experiences!


A little more context, because Im self-centered and love talking about myself:

Im , and for the past  years, I had been climbing the ladder at an outdoors/water sports company.  

I logged sea time and went to sea school to become a boat captain, running charters for the company while at the same time I became a manager of  branches of the company, merging two roles into one (really i was doing  jobs at the same time: running charters and being  managers).  but I knew its not exactly what I wanted...I worked from the moment I woke up until I fell asleep, answering calls texts and emails, putting out fires, while also trying to give customers great experiences on the water.  Not to mention, once you took a peak behind the curtains at this company, you could see how manipulative and toxic the environment could be.  i had actually developed stomach issues as well as experienced a few panic attacks because of stress.

Luckily, I had a friend who started his own charter company in , and it became quickly successful.  We had been whispering in each others ear that I would go work with him when he could afford it.  Finally, at the end of  he made me a job offer.  I released responsibilities at the other job while staying on twice a week just as a captain, but being with my friend, helping him grow his small family business is a breath of fresh air and I wake up every morning feeling like Im exactly where Im supposed to be.",0,396
93,First time dating a single mom problems ,0,7
94,"Im looking to build leaner muscle rather than get massive gains, what sort of weight should I bench/do exercises with? ",0,20
95,What can you possibly do to change the mind of person who's thinks his/her life is just empty and numb? ,0,20
96,What is your thought towards Long Distance Relationship? ,0,8
98,What does it feel like to murder a man for the first time? Does it turn you on?,0,18
99,How can I convince you to clean up after yourself as a housemate? How can I convince my male housemate to throw away bits in the sink and toss his trash without sounding like a naggy wife / mother?,0,39
0,Need a Valentines Day gift idea for my bf! ,0,9
1, and a crisis. Looking for some advice and share experience. ,0,10
2,How do you accept the fact that you're at your peak as far as your career is concerned? ,0,18
3,Man have no feelings?? Why everyone things?? ,0,7
4,I (m) have been friends with this girl(f) and have been lead on I think. ,0,15
5,Does a mans (mid-s) voice change after he started sleeping regularly with a woman? ,0,14
6,What counts as a fat nut/bust? What are the measurements or how do you categorise one as such? I think this is a under-discussed topic as many of us fear to look bad in regard to others. Feel free to speak openly.,0,42
7,"If you shave your pubic hair, how far down your legs do you shave? ",0,14
8,I'm  (M) and have problems getting an erection and reaching orgasm ,0,11
9,Bump on testicle again ,0,4
10,"Dear guys, I need help figuring out if the guy I'm talking to, has a crush on me, cuz I sure have a crush on him. But I am horrible at figuring these things out. ",0,35
11,Would you invite strangers for dinner to your home? ,0,9
13,Is sex pleasure or a necessary evil for you? ,0,9
14,Left for another woman? How did you guys handled it and moved on? ,0,13
15,Do you have sex for pleasure or is it a necessary evil? ,0,12
16,Sex: pleasure or necessary evil? ,0,5
17,Would you keep messaging if you weren't genuinely interested? ,0,9
18,"Do you think this guy is too messed up for me to make time for, FWB style? ",0,17
19,"Why won't anyone love me? I feel so hopeless. Every guy I ever cared about was a narcissist who made me feel worthless and threw me away like trash. I've never had a real relationship. I have a career have done therapy and I dont know what else to do to ""better myself"" as people say. I dont want to be alone forever.",0,63
20,Quarantine weight gain. ,0,3
21,One of my friends consistently asks me for money and I dont know if I am being a good friend for giving it to them ,0,25
22,I have serious trust issues with my GF recently ,0,9
23,"How do yall get over the feeling of the one that got away? Have been with my girlfriend for  years, and dont get me wrong, I love her with all my heart, but there are nights where Im thinking of my first love.  That girl and I never even dated, maybe I just miss the friendship, idk.",0,57
24,"Almost  , much shorter than my dad. Will i grow as tall as him? ",0,14
25,Will I grow as tall as my dad? ,0,8
26,What are some real life terrible advice you have received? ,0,10
27,What was the most embarrassing thing that has happened infront of your significant other? ,0,14
28,Have you ever had a female relative get 'too comfortable' with you? What did she do that made you think this isn't normal? ,0,23
29,A big thank you to the wonderful community of AskMen ! ,0,11
30,What are some tips on dating a women with a bunch of cats? ,0,13
31,"To men that have long d*cks, does it makes life easier, hardet or is it just a thing to brag about? ",0,21
32,"How to do deal with getting ghosted? Recently someone ghosted me, we were good friends and all didn't do anything disrespectful or weird didn't even flirt and ended up getting ghosted don't know what might have gone wrong and am now having trouble coponing up with it so need help with it.",0,52
33,What should I get for my boyfriend for Valentines Day? ,0,10
34,"Just curious: how often do you guys masturbate, and at what age did you start? ",0,15
35,"Advice about ejaculation, pull out method and irresponsibility ",0,8
36,"What does the term soft skin mean? Was out for a jog and this dude on the street was like damn, you look like you have soft skin I didnt know what that even meant (is this a a compliment/ insulting/ what does it mean) so didnt even stop",0,49
37,"Men of Redddit, how soon into a relationship do you introduce your girlfriend to your family? Also, is introducing your girlfriend to your family something you take very seriously? I'm asking because for a lot of women getting introduced to your SO's family is a big deal. Most women feel it means he sees a future with you. I'm curious to know if is that deep for men lol.",0,69
38,What r some instances of your SO trying to give hints and you successfully got it? ,0,16
39,"What makes you most uncomfortable about being around other men? Are there certain types that you just cant vibe with even on an acquaintance level? Who/what/why? Ill go first. 

Guys who wear nothing but camo - its like they took their hobby and made it their entire identity, but display it with the most obscure part. Theres an absolute fuck ton of them, and they all seem to act the same in my experience. Dont want to talk guns, dont want to show me their trips or supply jerky/meat to any occasion. We dont mix  times out of .",0,99
40,What makes you jealous? So I feel like guys never get jealous or if they do they try to hide it really well. Girls get jealous all the time. So I wanted to know what are some things that makes guys jealous?,0,42
41,How would you react if your SO said youre so beautiful at some point during sex or while kissing? ,0,19
42,How do you console a friend after a breakup over phone ? ,0,12
43,Manners Maketh Man what are somethings you would consider make a proper gentleman? ,0,13
44,How do I press my feelings inside me? From past couple of years its been really hard. Shit is making me go insane I want any tips how I can keep my feelings inside I dont want to tell people how I am feeling and I am scared that one day I am gonna tell someone how I felt all this time. Any tips on how I can avoid telling people?,0,71
45,"Men, have you ever just ""gone off"" a long term partner and didn't like or love them anymore? What do you do? ",0,22
46,Why do men always choose the less worth woman? ,0,9
47,"Dear men, why can't you respond with a simple yes or no regarding love? ",0,14
48,"I hate eating vajayjay, but every time I disclose this, people freak out and begin either insulting me or they become overly concerned and try to help me get into it. Why? ",0,32
49,Why is it hard to admit when someone is or is not falling in love with their partner/lover? ,0,18
50,Some advice would be nice ,0,5
51,"How can I stand out too a girl. I (M) like this girl quite a bit. And weve been talking for a bit now. Anyways theres another guy she keeps talking about that apparently also carries feelings 

Im kind of feeling like i should just let her be happy with him but I also want too take the next step but shes reluctant. 

How can I stand out as the better guy? 

Im lost not really sure what direction to go here",0,82
52,How do I stop being jealous of her friends ,0,9
53,What are the unwritten rules of dating? ,0,7
54,"How do you tell your friend that they're being an asshole? I have a friend who disagrees with my partner about certain topics and I think I'm at the point of needing to have a conversation with him about being less judgmental and arrogant about his opinions. IMO not only is he putting me in the middle in this particular case, but he's generally not doing himself any favors by pushing people away with his poor behavior. Any tips?",0,79
55,"Proposal ideas that are not too cheesy and romantic, but still surprising ? ",0,13
56,Guys confuse me??? They lose interest so easily ,0,8
57,"Men, celebrating my hubbies th bday. ",0,6
58,"Proposal ideas that aren't cheesy, over the top or require major travel to expensive locations. ",0,15
59,How to fill the relationship void? ,0,6
61,"Reddit, how did you all get through being a teenager. I'm a teen and this jealously and sukiness sucks how did you get through it?",0,25
62,How do you deal with being a teenager and what problems did you have and how did you deal with it ,0,21
63,"So, I got cussed at by a random stranger today at the gas station. ",0,14
64,"Thank you for not taking advantage of me, even though you could have ",0,13
65,Men who cheat: Do you do it out of thinking highly of yourself or is it out of self loathing? ,0,20
66,Do any of you actually like long fingernails? ,0,8
67,"Those under ', how has it been trying to find a girl? ",0,12
68,Should I tell my crush I like her after this? ,0,10
69,"Have you ever gone to work or school with a black eye? What was the reception? I just got back from the ER [getting this checked out](https://imgur.com/gallery/EkCJjb). Thankfully, I managed to avoid any serious damage, but I am obviously going to have this lovely shiner for a very long time. Have you ever had a black eye like this? Howd you deal with school/work?",0,64
70,What do you want for Valentine's day? ,0,7
71,"Just got into my first fight, why did I feel like I wanted to literally kill someone? ",0,17
72,Greetings from Argentina. ,0,3
73,How having high N count than your SO affected your relationship? ,0,11
74,"When a girl starts asking ""what you would do"" and those kind of questions, how do y'all usually go about answering? ",0,21
75,"Men, do you think that the definition of Thicc keeps growing? ",0,11
76,Why many men who have gynecomastia wants to get surgery to get rid of manboobs? ,0,15
77,approachable ,0,1
78,"I am a  years old male introvert, I don't like to go for parties or any social gathering etc. That's why I lack social confidence. Whenever I interact with female ,I just get scared and not able to talk to them. ANY SUGGESTIONS FOR ME TO IMPROVE ? ",0,48
79,Why are men so sexist? ,0,5
80,"What are some way to shorten a man's refractory period? I'm just curious, what are some ways for a guy to shorten his refractory period?",0,25
81,What is youre best original pick up line? What is youre best original pick up line?,0,16
83,Anyone wanting FTM content? ,0,4
84,"Men who have cheated - why? Did it work in the long-term with the one you had an affair with, or did your SO take you back or does he/she even know? ",0,32
85,Can a woman appear innocent and sexy at the same time? ,0,11
86,What clear signs could you consider when you are no longer attracted to your partner? ,0,15
87,"Help needed, I gave original manual and dealer info on a  Hudson Terraplane. How do I get in touch with people who want it? ",0,24
88,Why is the adult life more boring than school life? ,0,10
89,I'm  and have never had a boyfriend. Is this a huge turn-off/red flag? ,0,13
90,Advice for after first date ,0,5
91,"What is a respectful way to shoot your shot? Like how do you tell someone you find attractive, likable, etc, all of those things without being creepy or overly forward or even just giving them unwanted attention?",0,37
92,"Men that have been cheated on. Could you smell the difference in semen. My gf cheated and the first sign was odor difference when I showered. We have lived together  years. I helped support her  kids. She cheated last Sunday around . I didnt know it and had sex with her Sunday night. I definitely knew something was wrong when I showered before work. The smell down there was different. Not bad. But different. She messaged me she was moving out because she wasnt good enough for me before lunch. Since then I found out she cheated. Its a mess. I only know because she gave my son a old phone and he happened to log into that day. And she left her messenger open. When he put his SIM card in hundreds of messages loaded. Several men. Sleeping with at least one. 

She denies it all. But the texts were graphic. Meeting arrangements. Sexy talk. And so on. 

I joined FB just to track the other guys wife down. Eventually he confessed. Mine will not.",0,176
93,Men that have been cheated on. I have a odd question. Very long. ,0,13
94,What are some random questions to ask over the phone? My friend is in quarantine for another week or so and needs a good laugh. What are some silly/dirty things to ask him? I want to give him a good laugh.,0,41
95,"How to be a genuinely good person. One of my best friends brother, is the most amazing person I ever met. He is so kind, so calm, and is just the most considerate person I have ever met. Talking to him just brightens the mood of anyone involved. Anyone know what adjustments or what to focus on to be that genuinely wholesome all the time?",0,65
96,What make women attractive? Sorry if you arent strait what make men attractive??,0,13
97,Approachable to men ,0,3
98,Boyfriend broke up with me ,0,5
99,"Men, how do you remedy an itchy ass? ",0,8
0,Who has a similar potential abduction experience? It's hard to feel validated when it's mostly intuition ,1,16
1,What is your experience with a productive therapy session and what made it productive? ,1,14
2,"How do you respond to Competition and Intimidation between Women, especially when you have the upper hand? ",1,17
3,please help me out :-/ idk what to do ,1,9
4,Why does my ex keep reaching out? ,1,7
5,Why do people dislike reality tv stars/ television so much? ,1,10
6,close friends but fwb ? what should i dooo ?? ,1,10
7,Where to live in early s? ,1,6
8,"I'm an A.S.E. certified auto technician . my hands are cracked up , scarred up , and I generally don't bother on cleaning cuticles and callus' till the end of the week. What's your first impression or thought when you meet a man (me for example- M/) with stained &amp; beat up working hands? ",1,54
9,"What is a good date spot to take a girl, when your in the get to know each other phase? ",1,20
10,What can good men do about bad men? ,1,8
11,Journey to self love. Share your best advice! ,1,8
12,What is you are suspicious of someone cheating? ,1,8
13,How do women usually raise their sex drive? ,1,8
14,"My girlfriend came out as gay, why do I feel used. ",1,11
15,Do IG models with -+ million followers ever think/get the life of a traditional wife?? What are your thoughts??Have you seen anyone? ,1,22
16,How many pairs of underwear do you own? ,1,8
17,"Ladies, what do you HONESTLY look for in a guy? ",1,10
18,How many pairs of underwear do you own? Ive been told I have too much ,1,15
19,"dear women who know how to read pregnancy tests, i need advice about reading pregnancy tests. please help. ",1,18
20,"Women of Reddit, have you ever not wanted children and then changed your mind later on? or Vice Versa. What changed your mind? ",1,23
21,"Women of Reddit, please explain what's this ""phase"" in which u don't like talking to much people? ",1,17
22,Whether or not Uggs are ugly/ unfashionable? ,1,7
23,"Ladies of Reddit, what finally convinced you to get your first tattoo? ",1,12
24,What was the scariest moment you and a friend had? ,1,10
25,Do women actually like men? Why or why not? ,1,9
26,Do you feel people that don't have kids are missing out and why ? ,1,14
27,Why is my BFs (M) best friends ex (F) messaging him still? ,1,12
28,Who do women write love letters to serial killers who only went after women? ,1,14
29,What do you do when people you know in person find out your reddit account and stalk you often? And mention it while they talk to you? ,1,27
30,"Women who have gone through sexual trauma, how do you cope with society's constant objectification of women? ",1,17
31,Worried about not having kids when Im ready or whether I am even able to ,1,15
32,"Aunts of Reddit, how has this pandemic affected your relationship with your nephew/niece? ",1,13
33,Describe never getting a orgasm from a male ,1,8
34,What will you single ladies do for yourselves this Valentines Day? ,1,11
35,What is(/are) the greatest accomplishment(/s) in your life? ,1,8
36,"women of reddit, do you believe its a valid reason to end a relationship to focus on your mental health and to refocus your life? Why or why not. ",1,29
37,Why Does It Hurt to Masturbate and Put in Tampons? ,1,10
38,"So... which hand gesture that you consider as the MOST romantic one when your partner's giving you a loving, sweet, tender kiss? ",1,22
39,"We always supposed to feel this way? - if so, how the Fuck do we change that? ",1,17
40,Women of Reddit: What are some ways to celebrate a milestone birthday during this pandemic? ,1,15
41,"Women of Reddit, what does you SO do on Valentine's day besides from giving you flowers? ",1,16
42,Which is Better/healthier. Bra or no bra? ,1,7
43,How to start practicing Self Love ,1,6
44,Who is more likely to eat a varied diet? ,1,9
45,How did you know you had an ovarian cyst or endometriosis??? ,1,11
46,Share Advice on friends with benefits relationships ,1,7
47,As a beginner how do i masturbate? ,1,7
48,What problems do you have in your life right now that you havent found a solution for yet? ,1,18
49,"Any professional women married to/engaged/dating a blue collar man? If so, how do your coworkers react? ",1,16
50,"How bad does getting tattooed hurt? Women of Reddit who have gotten tattoos, what does the pain feel like?",1,19
51,Please share your advice on having Internet friends ,1,8
52,Why Does My Vagina Keep Throbbing After My Period? ,1,9
53,"Women who had difficulty saying I love you to your partner, how did you know if it was because you actually didnt love them or if you just needed more time? ",1,31
54,Whats something that your significant other does in their sleep that would gross you out if they were actually conscious? ,1,20
55,"Mothers who gave birth with/without pain killers, why or why not? Do they work properly? ",1,15
56,this is a little weird but what makes a mans butt attractive? ,1,12
57,We have  TVs at home. Why do we always have to watch something together? ,1,14
58,a woman is in her s is catty with me in the office and I find this insulting due to her age. Just wondering whether can anybody relate ,1,28
59,"Women who had difficulty saying I love you to your partner, was it because you didnt love them or because you just needed more time? ",1,25
60,Someone you're newly dating (~ mos) forgets your birthday... how do you react? Do you care? ,1,16
61,What does it feel like to be truly loved? ,1,9
62,How to stop shapewear from rolling down? ,1,7
63,"What experiences have you had where a man has told you, in kne way or another, to wear makeup? ",1,19
64,As a Woman myself who is confused do you think that a rape/misogyny kink exists amongst other women? ,1,18
65,Would you date a man whose bisexual? ,1,7
66,"Women who had difficulty saying I love you to your partner, was it because you didnt love him or because you just needed more time? ",1,25
67,Which cologne is the best scent? Looking to buy a good cologne for Valantines Day what would the ladies of this sub say is the best scent?,1,27
68,Straight women who go to strip clubs: what's the appeal for you? ,1,12
69,How can I deal with this relentless insomnia? ,1,8
70,Would you rather have an extreme unhealthy-sweets tooth or the same but for savoury foods? And why? ,1,17
71,"[Why] I thought I was an Idiot, but then... [reddit forces me to write this] ",1,15
72,"Hi ladies, is it normal that the outside part of hair straightener gets very hot when using it? ",1,18
73,I have stinky piercing cheese :( please help. How to get rid of it? ,1,14
74,How can I raise my libido as a woman? ,1,9
75,"(NSFW) If a womans vagina hurts when they put a tampon in, is that a sign of something wrong? ",1,19
76,"Women who are living the life they dreamed of, what would you say are the keys to getting there? ",1,19
77,How does having grey hair make you feel? ,1,8
78,"Women who drive, How did you improve your hand eye coordination? ",1,11
79,Do you actually sext your partner when you guys are sexting or is it pretend? ,1,15
80,Moms how often do you clean your house? ,1,8
81,How Do You Cope With Not Living Up to Today's Beauty Standards? ,1,12
82,"[Serious] Women who have dated or gotten married to partners from when they had nothing until they were finally successful (or even rich), did you ever have to help them financially and how have they showed their appreciation in return? ",1,40
83,how do girls feel about guys wearing a ring? ,1,9
84,How do you spend the weekend by yourself? ,1,8
85,How to pick up girls in nightclubs ,1,7
86,What should I do ? ,1,5
87,Do periods influence how you feel about your significant other? ,1,10
88,"Women who used to be femcels/nice girls, how did you get out of that way of thinking? How did you become that way in the first place? ",1,27
89,Share your advice for a young man. ,1,7
90,Survey for High School Students' Views on a School Dress Code (U.S. high school student respondents only pls) This will inform me of what other people's experiences are! ,1,28
91,"Women of Reddit, how did you realize that it might actually be depression and youre not just sad? ",1,18
92,What are the best ways to get over someone? ,1,9
93,What was your experience with friendship Bumble? ,1,7
94,"As a guy, can you tell me whether I overstepped boundaries here or not? ",1,14
95,"I've lost myself in my relationship. Feel like something is up with him but can't prove it. Either way, I want to gain back control and my confidence. What should I do? ",1,32
96,can anyone share any success stories of getting back with their ex? and was it through being friends or no contact? ,1,21
97,When does life get better? ,1,5
98,How do I get people to hear me? ,1,8
99,When did you know that it was time to end the relationship? ,1,12
0,Is it weird when a guy calls you pretty when you dont know them that well? ,1,16
1,"If you had a partner who ticked all boxes but didnt follow through with career goals or progression in earnings that matched your lifestyle, would it be a deal breaker for you? ",1,32
2,Whats the best way to be groomed down there ? ,1,10
3,Did you ever go through an event in your life that completely changed the way your living it? What was that? ,1,21
4,Is it possible to shorten your period? How? ,1,8
5,How do you like men to be groomed down there ? ,1,11
6,When to start dating ,1,4
8,Women with higher sex drives than your partner - how do you handle that? ,1,14
9,"Single women of Reddit who dont use dating apps but still want to date, how are you filling this void during the pandemic? ",1,23
10,What are things you want in a relationship that you know now wouldnt align with a previous partner and the things they value in a relationship? ,1,26
11,How do you combat fear of attack when being alone in a building or walking/running alone outside? ,1,17
12,Why do we hurt our own feelings? ,1,7
13,Please share some relationship advice ,1,5
14,How do you control yourself enough to argue without raising your voice or saying mean things? ,1,16
15,How to make friends ,1,4
16,What is the best sex toy? ,1,6
17,Mid-s and never owned a sex toy...its time! What should I buy? ,1,12
18,Women would you be in a Relationship with a man who used a Prosthetic Genital To Satisfy you? ,1,18
19,"So I am wondering if I might be bi or lesbian. Women who have experienced the same, how did your journey go and how did you find other like-minded people? ",1,30
20,"Field Research: Length or Girth, which one you prefer? As a virgin guy owner of great girth i must ask.",1,20
21,What are some of your daily affirmations? ,1,7
22,Dear mods. Who ever sent that last PM with the insult in it: How about go cry into your Reddit Healthy Communities Moderator Complaint? ,1,24
23,Dear mods. Who ever sent that last PM with the insult in it: Go cry into your Reddit Healthy Communities Moderator Complaint  ,1,22
24,"Women who are married, who paid for your wedding? ",1,9
25,What are topics women like to talk about via text? Is there a generic way to make a conversation more interesting? ,1,21
26,"Women whom have met someone or been dating during this pandemic, any dating apps, strategies or ways to meet people you have found work well during these crazy times? ",1,29
27,Who paid for your wedding? ,1,5
28,How do you breathe? ,1,4
29,"How would you react if someone you havent seen in years due to distance but had a great romantic connection before with suddenly sent a message out of the blue saying, Please dont give up on me. ? ",1,38
30,How to manage with PMS-related depression and anxiety ,1,8
31,How to impress a girl in the first date ,1,9
32,"Women who dont have an onlyfans account, whats stopping you from making one ? Serious reply only.",1,17
33,Does your hair straightener get very hot outside when use? ,1,10
34,What is your opinion on facial hair? Should I shave it off? ,1,12
35,"Would you think negatively of someone who has previously paid for porn, feet pics or custom photos &amp; videos on reddit? Would this make you less likely to date that person or be friends with them? ",1,36
36,"Why do women always lose interest in me when they approach me, or I approach them and I try to hold a conversation with them? ",1,25
37,"Women of Reddit with airfryers, what are your favorite recipes? ",1,10
38,How do you get little fuzzes off leggings? ,1,8
39,How do you get little fuzzes off leggings ,1,8
40,How do you get Little fuzzes off leggings ,1,8
41,Everyone here needs to buy SNDL stock Monday is going to soar . a share. ,1,15
42,"Were you ever warned about an abusive man? Did you listen? If you didn't, what happened? ",1,16
43,"What do you associate with the word ""TERF""? - A mini survey for a linguistics project ",1,16
44,What do you think about getting an animal to ease your man into the idea of having a baby? ,1,19
45,Ladies who have IUD's ,1,4
46,What is a privilege you wish you have? ,1,8
47,"Share, Are dogs like a gateway drug to babies for some women? ",1,12
48,"How do people use and understand the word ""TERF""? A Linguistics project  mini questionnaire ",1,14
49,When did you noticed your first white hair? And when did you turned fully grey? ,1,15
50,I'm (m) falling for my friend's wife (f) Any help/share/feedback appreciated. ,1,11
51,"Have you ever been called masculine for not meeting the usual societal standards of how a woman should look like? If yes, then how did you deal w such ppl. Also, do you find such a comment sexist? ",1,38
52,How do you cultivate an interesting enough life to keep a social life or have a chance at dating in your s? ,1,22
53,"Women of Reddit who have been married for a long time, how do you get what you want in the bedroom? ",1,21
54,What's a fun book to read ,1,6
55,"Non Asian women of askwomen, what percentage of the asian women you know trash talk asian men or discourage you from dating asian men? ",1,24
56,"How ? All business woman , business graduate and Business owners  ",1,11
57,Who will help me buy GME stock for charity? ,1,9
58,How do women feel about men needing to use viagra? ,1,10
60,"Are there women here that are in a relationship which does not consists true love, but you love what the person provides and he is good to you? ",1,28
61,"There was a Twitter study that showed women called each other words like "" slag "" more then men did to them , why do you think this is ? ",1,30
62,Is sex a choice or duty in a relationship to you and why? ,1,13
63,"Women who have their shit together and are great at balancing things (money, job, house, health/fitness, family/friends, etc.) at least % of the time, what are your secrets or best tips? ",1,31
64,How did you get over an abusive relationship? Can it be done? ,1,12
65,Women in long term relationships - what sort of activities do you do with your partner when you have different hobbies? ,1,21
67,What could be some reasons why my period symptoms have changed? ,1,11
68,How do I compensate for my birth control murdering my libido?? ,1,11
69,What's your fluid intake like on or around your period? Is there any notable difference in what/how much you usually drink? ,1,21
71,Who do I call as a victim of abuse? ,1,9
72,What do you think of the stereotype that gay men are better looking than straight men? Do you think its true or is it just a grass-is-greener mentality? Or do you think the opposite is true?,1,36
73,I'm ready to change. What are the step I need to take to change? ,1,14
74,Describe whether you think theres any truth to the stereotype that gay men are better looking than straight men ,1,19
75,Is it okay for me to message this girl who I met last week? ,1,14
76,Share Any Legit Fitness Youtubers ,1,5
77,How do you respond to a stranger in public asking for your number and not taking no for an answer? ,1,20
78,When your boyfriend was on tinder... ,1,6
79,What does/ is good  to women? ,1,6
80,What do you do when you feel lonely? ,1,8
81,Any username ideas ??? Who ,1,5
82,The girl that rejected me in reality years ago shows love to me in my dream. What does this mean? ,1,20
83,"Have you ever waited for someone who is being proactive? Tell me why/why not. If you did, how'd it work out? ",1,21
84,Who has ever had a cyst in their boob. ,1,9
85,Women who started a completely different career after  - how did it go? ,1,13
88,"Dear fellow women, how to get over someone who abandoned you, when you already have low self esteem? ",1,18
89,"What, if anything made you realise you had cultural bias and did you do anything to change it? ",1,18
91,Do you have a special appreciation for a specific animal? Why is that? ,1,13
92,How do I cope with this? Struggling with nasty and irrational ending to beautiful relationship. Advice or support needed please? ,1,20
93,"Women who are detached by nature, how does it affect your personal relationships? ",1,13
94,What advice would you give someone starting their career/ a new job remotely during the pandemic? ,1,16
96,What can I do ? ,1,5
97,"Do you prefer to be called a ""girl"" or a ""woman""? If so, why? ",1,14
98,"Hey guys, first time poster here, (f) what helped you get over, or fix your insecurities about your facial asymmetry ",1,20
99,"Would you say that Same Ol Situation by Mtley Cre is sexist? Because my classmate says it is. And if it is, what aspects make it so? ",1,27
0,Is breast lift surgery worth it? Please share ,1,8
1,"What helped you get over, or fix your insecurities about your facial asymmetry ",1,13
2,Whether or not a breast lift is worth it? ,1,9
3,What's the better aahhh moment once u get home. Taking off ur bra or taking out a tight ponytail? ,1,19
5,"Do you have sex dreams? If so, how often? ",1,9
6,"In meetings, how to you feel about being referred to as ""guys""? What can I use that's more inclusive? ",1,19
7,"Abortion advice for a guy, how do I be there for her? ",1,12
8,How can I (M) try to make my girlfriend (F) more romantic? ,1,12
9,How can I help my friend? ,1,6
10,"What do you like in a guy, but hate in women? ",1,11
11,How did you get over the embarrassment of being the crazy ex? Did you ever make amends with that or did you completely cut ties? ,1,25
12,Why can't I orgasm during sex? ,1,6
13,Who else has been on two birth control methods? ,1,9
14,Do you randomly cry if youre drunk? What sets you off? ,1,11
15,How can someone be in a serious relationship If they're unable to live under the same roof with anyone because they're stuck in their ways ? ,1,26
16,"Women, how much more (if at all) physically attracted are you to a man if he has visible abdominal muscles? ",1,20
17,"Have you ever had someone that youre close with, but overtime you start to notice characteristics come out of them that you just dont favor &amp; find it affecting your friendship? What did you do about it? ",1,37
18,What are some unusual jobs you have had? ,1,8
20,How can I ( a man) stop looking for signs that a girl is not interested in me even though there are plenty of signs that she is? ,1,28
21,"Why do girls post videos of them taking shots? Do they thinks its cool or something? Like, you drink alcohol, congratulations.",1,21
22,"Women of reddit, what do you do when you're tired of life? ",1,12
23,what kind of voice do you find attractive in a woman? ,1,11
24,How to Dad a daughter? ,1,5
25,Why may have i lost my libido and got period  weeks early? :( ,1,13
26,How do you NOT take it personally when a person is bad at texting/responding to texts? ,1,16
27,Envy of other womens bodies has become a part time job for me. How can I learn to let this go or at least steal some brain space back from this? ,1,31
28,"Women in their s who've never been in a relationship, how do you feel about it? ",1,16
29,How do you approach sex while on period ,1,8
30,Why do my armpits smell like onions after stop using specific antiperspirant? ,1,12
31,"Dear women, what does it take to be a good female friend and how can one maintain a female friendship ? ",1,21
32,What do you expect a guy to have done to get ready before you come over? ,1,16
33,"Can you describe a perfect hug that you ever had whether it was with your partner, best friend or a family member? ",1,22
34,"How much, if anything, do you want to know about your boyfriends past relationships? ",1,14
35,What was your most horny moment when the person did not know they were making you horny? ,1,17
36,Insecure women of reddit: did you ever stay in a relationship with someone because you love what he provides for you and he is a good person? But it is not true love ,1,33
37,What should I do about my friend ,1,7
38,What is your favorite Podcast? Im looking to explore new podcasts so please share your favorites and what theyre about!,1,20
39,Whats the point of living with your partner? ,1,8
40,What are you looking for in a first date since a long time ago? ,1,14
41,It's my [M  ] first date in  years. What do I do? ,1,12
42,How I find a girl here to talk with on reddit ? ,1,12
43,Do you believe in karma and if yes/no why? ,1,9
44,"How do you support your significant other if they struggle with anxiety, and/or how do you like to be supported? ",1,20
45,How do you help and support your significant other if they struggle with anxiety? ,1,14
46,What turns you off in the getting to know each other stage? ,1,12
47,How to lose weight fast without doing an excercise || Lose Weight fast ,1,13
48,"Why would you judge a person over something they can't control like height, breast and the likes? ",1,17
49,"My nipples are really sensitive, but in a (not so) pleasurable way. How do I stop it? ",1,17
50,Why so cold? Seeking solace from females regarding a bizarre romance from a very confused usually confident male. ,1,18
51,When did you realise you were bi? ,1,7
52,"How easy/hard would it be to fall in love with someone who meets all of your needs but doesnt hit a physical appearance standard of yours? Are you settling for him? For example, if you really prefer to not date a guy who is shorter than you. Could you still fall in love? Or are you just settling for him?",1,60
53,"If you prefer tall guys but end up marrying a man that is shorter than you, are you settling for him? Why or why not? ",1,25
54,What is love for you ? What does love mean for you ? How do you give it and how do you perceive it from others ?,1,27
55,Whether I am weird or not ,1,6
56,How can you make a difference between a good therapist and a not-so-good one? ,1,14
57,Do you find caramel skin tone attractive? Why or why not? ,1,11
58,"Women, do you not notice when a male friend is in love with you? Do you just ignore it? ",1,19
59,"Im a senior in college (M) and I just moved to a new place (doing my last semester remote). Other than dating apps, what/where is the best way to respectfully meet and approach women without making them feel uncomfortable? Its so different being outside a college environment and not knowing anyone. Wanted to get female perspectives on this",1,58
60,Why does period makes my body part smell like vomit for a week ,1,13
61,Why does period makes my vagina smell like vomit for a week ,1,12
62,How much does a man's girth affect your need to touch yourself during sex? My wife need to simulate her clit during sex if she wants to cum. She still enjoys it is she don't. Do you feel a difference if a man is thicker?,1,45
63,Whats the worst and best thing about being male? ,1,9
64,What is the solution to period irregularities? My friend is not having period for the past two months. She's having pimples and weakness because of it. What might be a solution to this? Thanks.,1,34
65,How different would things be if men had  balls? ,1,9
66,"Women of reddit, what do you do when you get tired of studying? ",1,13
67,"Who else has experienced a reoccurring cut between ""lips""? ",1,9
68,Where's the Lady for a life ,1,6
69,Do you guys ever wonder why they havent made any good birth control for men? ,1,15
70,"When you'll refer to your orgasm, what do you mean? ",1,10
71,Have you ever been stalked? Describe you craziest experience ,1,9
72,Would you perform intercourse on a male whom has no career goals? ,1,12
73,How did 'daddy issues' manifest within you? ,1,7
74,Is it normal to have multiple orgasms when I masturbate without any fluid? ,1,13
75,"Women of r/AskWomen who are in relationships or married, would you rather wish your SO or husband has it bigger down there? ",1,22
76,What was your relationship with makeup growing up? ,1,8
77,Would you date a guy whos seen an escort before? Title,1,11
78,"What do you get a girl that isnt a basic present(makeup, flowers, etc.)? ",1,13
79,"Women of reddits, who are/were in relationship or married.... ",1,9
80,"Women who have gone through pregnancy, what are things that you liked your partner doing/saying? ",1,15
81,Women who grew up in Purity Culture: How are you doing? ,1,11
82,"If you had your own special punching bag with a picture of someone you dislike, who would it be and why? ",1,21
83,When do I actually need to go to the gyno?  Ive never been? ,1,13
84,Anyone have any tips on how to feel less insecure when you have bad body image but still want to have sex? ,1,22
85,What to do  ,1,3
86,What advice for period sex and cramps! ,1,7
87,Which pregnancy test to believe? ,1,5
88,"[NSFW] Can never hit that sweet spot when masturbating, can never masturbate normally either. How to do both these things? ",1,20
89,Has there been times when you started a relationship as a friendship but it actually blossomed into a intimate relationship? ,1,20
90,Has there been times when you start a relationship as friends and it actually blossomed into a relationship? ,1,18
91,What was your experience with someone you hired for a job that made you think Why do you choose to do something you clearly hate? ,1,25
93,How would you describe this guy? ,1,6
94,How did you learn how to stop being insecure regarding your appearance? ,1,12
95,Why is this guy screwed for the rest of his life? ,1,11
96,How do I go about this;  friends from the same group ,1,11
97,"As a guy, how do I show that I am single and open, and also too moronic to understand hints or clues? ",1,22
98,What do girls prefer for a guy's pubic haircut? ,1,9
99,When you have no friends in my s ,1,8
0,What is the best thing you could tell someone to cheer them up when they are feeling down? ,1,18
1,Would you date a guy who has a big nose? ,1,10
2,"If you were suffering from domestic abuse, whom would you be most likely to open up to and in what circumstances? ",1,21
3,"It you were suffering from domestic abuse, whom would you be most likely to open up to and in what circumstances? ",1,21
4,At what point of a friends relationship do you need to start inviting their bf/gf? ,1,15
5,What have you been told about men that you found out was false or just plain weird? ,1,17
6,"If you took an online leadership course, what would you like the experience to be and what would make it more convenient? ",1,22
7,How would fashion change in a world where everyone was barefoot and makeup-free? ,1,13
8,What are your tips/tricks for ladies living in their first solo-apartment? ,1,11
9,Question about my girlfriend sex drive when we have sex ,1,10
11,"Did you ever have a promiscuous period in your life? If so, why? What lead you to do it?  Did you enjoy it?  Do you regret it?  Did it make your life more fulfilling? What lessons did you learn from it?",1,41
12,How can I keep her? ,1,5
14,How do you view unobservant guys? ,1,6
15,How do you cope with the intense need of being loved or wanting a romantic relationship? ,1,16
16,"What are the Best hair extensions? I just got a horrible haircut and im so sad :( what are the best extensions,good quality and real hair please.",1,27
17,"How can married people have more time? do you find that married people have less time than singles?

how can married people have more time? especially to visit with friends",1,30
18,How much are you like your mother? ,1,7
19,How do women feel about Sleeping handjobs ,1,7
20,Are there any industries which require women to wear makeup(but not for men) and have you had any repercussions for not wearing makeup to work?? ,1,25
21,How has virtual therapy worked out for you? ,1,8
23,Do you ever worry you won't meet a partner in time to have children? ,1,14
24,"My sister is morbidly obese, how do I talk to her into losing weight? ",1,14
25,What are your experiences getting off the pill? ,1,8
26,"Moms of reddit, what's the difference between raising sons and raising daughters ? I assume there's a difference just wanna know how big it actually is.",1,26
27,"I want my old life back, where do I go from here? ",1,12
28,If you ever felt insecure about your race/ethnicity how did you get over it? ,1,14
29,How do you deal with the idea that women get less attractive as they age? ,1,15
30,"What's a good quality, relatively inexpensive perfume that you use? ",1,10
31,What was the last straw in a bad relationship that made you finally decide to leave? ,1,16
32,What are some procedures to enlarge my clitoris? ,1,8
33,How do I make my clit bigger? ,1,7
34,"What habits just scream ""man-child""? ",1,5
35,Im  and I will have sex soon. I need advice. What are the best forms of birth control? ,1,18
36,When is it okay to wear clothing two times in a row? ,1,12
37,"Women who have very irregular periods, have you been able to get pregnant and how long did it take? ",1,19
38,"Do compliments towards specific things, when talking about how you look (ie choice in shoes or how you did your makeup), feel better than compliments about how you look as a whole? ",1,32
39,"If you had to choose, what would be your preferred way to be broken up with? Like in person or over the phone or what? ",1,25
40,"Mothers of r/AskWomen, how would you react if your child committed an awful crime, a la Luka Magnotta, the Hammer Maniacs, and the like? ",1,24
41,"If applicable, what was/is the relationship between you and your grandparents? ",1,11
42,"Hello, f here, its like pulling teeth to get my f friend of  years to do anything. Should I cut her off? How? ",1,23
43,What's the most unprofessional thing your boss has ever said to you? ,1,12
44,"Could you share if you, as a woman, are able to experience this particular phenomena and if so, what does it look like? ",1,23
45,Could you share whether or not you experience this particular phenomena relating to orgasms? ,1,14
46,"To any women who somehow found themselves with no friends, how did you build your social circle again? ",1,18
47,when people point out flaws you weren't aware of ,1,9
48,[share] panicked for a second ,1,5
49,Share your pleasing tweezer stories ,1,5
51,How did you overcome your shyness? ,1,6
52,Women in healthcare: do you find yourself dating others who are also in healthcare exclusively? Do you find it hard to relate to other professions? ,1,25
53,What has been your experience with pretty privilege? ,1,8
54,"Ladies, have you ever felt like you were a training course for relationships? and what did you do to break out of this cycle or shift your perspective? ",1,28
55,How do you cope during the period between discovering an illness in a loved one and finally getting a diagnosis? ,1,20
56,"This is probably a dumb question, but how difficult is it to run full speed in a dress? ",1,18
57,I like it when you... ,1,5
58,How do you feel about men with unusually shaped erections? ,1,10
59,"Is there any Affordable at-home laser hair removal devices almost as good as it professionally done? If so, what were your results? ",1,22
60,"An instagram influencer, who is an idealistic version of me is making me feel very insecure about myself and my future. What should I do? ",1,25
61,How did this come about? ,1,5
62,Do you bruise easily? Do you know why? ,1,8
63,How do you remain composed during a heated discussion? ,1,9
65,So Confused (why) ,1,3
66,How do I feel more secure about my partner seeing me naked or wearing skimpier clothing? ,1,16
68,"What type of bra do you recommend wearing under a cami top, if any? ",1,14
69,How to cope with unwecolmed sexual advances and men that are predatory? ,1,12
70,How would you react if you were given dirty looks by a husband of your relative when visiting? ,1,18
71,How do you feel about a husband of your relative giving you dirty looks when visiting? ,1,16
72,Whats your take on social media behaviour/etiquette during a relationship? ,1,10
73,How to be understand of feelings when you feel the opposite ,1,11
74,Was there a point in life when you didn't know what you wanted? How did you go about it? ,1,19
75,"For those who have felt incomplete without relationships (romantic and/or platonic), external validation from others, cool stories, yadda yadda, but no longer do, how did you learn to feel 'whole' on your own? ",1,33
76,"Women raised in extremely dysfunctional homes, how did you cope with the ups and downs ? ",1,16
77,How do you remember to drink enough? ,1,7
78,"If your dream home was affordable, what would its drawbacks be? ",1,11
79,Supposing some malady affecting only men had killed them off what would their obituary be? ,1,15
80,What is the best thing to do for an interview prep? ,1,11
81,Why Is it weird for guys to post selfies? ,1,9
82,Does oxygen intake/ elevation affect your menstruation flow? To what extent? ,1,11
83,"If you woke up in a mans body, would you assume the identity of a man (change hair, clothes, name, etc) or would you continue to live as a woman and medically change your body back and why? ",1,38
84,"Girls around ', would you even consider dating a guy who's barely feet? (Like maybe ' / and pretty skinny too) ",1,21
85,What was the last luxury you spent money on? ,1,9
86,"Can a man have too much leg/arm hair and if yes, what would you consider to be 'a good amount'? ",1,20
87,Why wont my man show me off? ,1,7
88,Would you date a guy who used to use OnlyFans? ,1,10
89,Women who were brought up by single dads .... tell us your story ,1,13
90,Has being in a relationship made your period more regular? ,1,10
91,Who has ever lost a job to a man? am I the only one? ,1,14
92,What cuddling position helps you relax after a bad day? ,1,10
93,How to handle sexism at home ,1,6
94,"Transgender woman needing bras Immediately. Describe,why,when ",1,6
95,"How do you cope with losing a job opportunity to a man for the millionth time, and to someone less qualified and junior...? I just cant... anymore ",1,27
96,Corona breaks all the happiness in my(f) life share ,1,9
97,How did you meet your SO? ,1,6
98,Ladies!! how much will it hurt you to know your SO browse through social media rather than answering your texts? ,1,20
0,"Women with lower sex drives, how do you feel in this sex driven world? ",1,14
1,What do you do when you have a crush on a guy? And how do you feel when youre experiencing that feeling? ,1,22
2,"In reality Matriarchy is actually very Redpill and Most Tradcon societies are actually more bluepillish than many Rightwingers think, all in all being sorta alot more equal regarding Genders than what SJWs and other Leftists assume ",1,36
3,At what age did you begin to think sexualy about boys? ,1,11
4,"What to do about Pms depression? Depression (bordering on severe) is one of my pms symptoms. If you are like me, how do you deal with it?",1,27
5,How did you know you were pregnant before you did test? ,1,11
6,Why do I feel super cringe at the thought of wearing sexy lingerie? ,1,13
7,How is a white lie ok? ,1,6
8,Gift Idea for someone who... ,1,5
9,"How long into a relationship should I wait to tell a SO about my childhood abuse, and should I even tell her at all? ",1,24
10,How do u feel about shy guys? ,1,7
11,"HELP! How Am I ""Too Nice"" and why is that a bad thing? ",1,13
12,What part of social media irritates you the most? ,1,9
13,"A lot of people have skincare, hair etc. routines but what are some mental routines you go through? ",1,18
14,What food craving do you get before your period starts? ,1,10
15,What should I do about husband not showering or am I just heartless? Share your experiences. ,1,16
16,"For those who have felt incomplete without romantic/platonic relationships/external validation but no longer do, how did you learn to feel 'whole' on your own? ",1,24
17,How do you get over infatuation? ,1,6
19,"WHY IS the phrase ""fail to grasp"" negative? ",1,8
21,What has helped you to think more positively and to worry less? ,1,12
22,How do you feel about sharing your password with your partner? ,1,11
23,"What attitudes and preferences have changed for you as you got older, which you never thought would change? ",1,18
24,Sex workers - how many times have you faked an orgasm? ,1,11
25,What are your emergency essentials? ,1,5
26,What is something you'd go back and tell your younger self if you could? ,1,14
27,"Women of Reddit, if you wear makeup for yourself, why don't you wear it during quarantine? ",1,16
28,"Women with a tight-knit group of girlfriends, how did you all meet and grow closer? ",1,15
29,What group do you belong to that few people realize has faced bigotry? ,1,13
30,What is a thing that guys do that think its amazing but its actually not? ,1,15
31,How to deal with a delusional friend? ,1,7
32,"When working from home, how do you kindly make people understand that having conversations is distracting for you? ",1,18
33,"Those who have gained weight during the pandemic and are feeling insecure/dysmorphic, what are some strategies you use to combat that? ",1,21
34,"Hello, I was just wondering what women of my age group do in general, for fun? ",1,16
35,"Married women, how was marrying a younger husband for you? ",1,10
36,How did you get over your addiction? ,1,7
37,"What is a type of relationship you feel you need rn, but dont have? ",1,14
38,Dearest Ladies of Reddit. How do you stop feeling stuck because of an abusive childhood? ,1,15
39,Why should a friend (F) block me (M) ,1,8
40,Why is it ok for women to profile men based on their sex? ,1,13
41,Hii to all the women's from an Korean boy () how are you all? ,1,14
42,"Does anyone else get super annoyed when their pony tail touches the head rest while driving? If not, what is your pet peeve you think no one else has? ",1,29
43,"You are forced to survive only on white castle hamburgers and cheese burgers for the rest of your natural life. But, you can have any beverage you wish with out limitation to quantity. How do you manage? ",1,37
44,"Ladies, what separates great d!ck from average d!ck? ",1,8
45,"Women who experience colposcopy and cervical biopsy as extreme trauma, how do you cope and plan for the next one? ",1,20
46,What is your experience with genealogy/DNA kits? ,1,7
47,How often do yall text your friends? ,1,7
48,What are your Yoni Pearls? ,1,5
49,why does my ex still call me and tell me that shes happy or sad and still wants our sex? ,1,20
50,How do I tell my boss Im unhappy with my pay? ,1,11
51,"To what extent do you keep your relationships with your family separate from your relationships with your friends? And if you do this, why do you do it?",1,28
52,What do you find strangely attractive in other people that from your perspective most people don't? ,1,16
53,Describe earrings on men ,1,4
54,How are some ways you come back better as a woman/person after falling in love with the wrong person? ,1,19
55,Getting a Copper UID - what are your experiences? ,1,9
56,How would you rather be proposed? With a ring of partners choosing or without a ring and later pick one yourself? ,1,21
57,How do you embrace your sexuality and attractiveness? ,1,8
58,Whats the appropriate way to approach women? I see multiple women take a glance at me but Im not able to make conversation,1,23
59,What is this? Death grip for women? HELP! ,1,8
60,"Hi Ladies, if a guy takes  hours to reply your messages (even short ones), what does that mean? Is he losing interest? Let's just say he and I are in a LDR and we're more than friends but not officially a couple. It's complicated.",1,44
61,"Does a girl with low self-esteem break up a relationship herself, or will she stay out of fear of being alone again? She does not truly love him, she only loves what he stands for and provides. ",1,37
62,What are some of the things listed in your bucket list? And why do you want to do it?,1,19
63,What is the best gift you have ever received? ,1,9
64,Do women enjoy being flirted with? And how do looks and wealth fit in? ,1,14
65,What are some GOOD things about being on your period? ,1,10
66,How do you know that its HIM for you in an arranged marriage? ,1,13
67,How do I initiate physical contact on a date without being creepy? ,1,12
68,Raw feeling around my clitoral/urethral area after masturbating with vibrator? (Confirmed not UTI-related) Kindly share your similar experiences if any ,1,20
69,What sort of thing do you like to hear when being asked out? ,1,13
70,"Women with a phobia of pregnancy/childbirth, why, and how has it affected your life experiences and decisions? ",1,17
71,How to be more confident? ,1,5
72,What would you do in a world with no birth control? ,1,11
73,Can anyone share affordable skincare routines? I have always struggled with spots and red skin but I havent found anything that works for me yet! ,1,25
74,what you love and what you hate about your job ,1,10
75,"Any women who participated in the Reddit stock market overhaul this week, how did you get into stocks? Do you have good financial literacy resources for other women that youd recommend? ",1,31
76,"Women who are kinkier but have more vanilla partners, do you feel like there is equal meeting in the middle? ",1,20
77,Why do some women get easily aroused DURING the period? ,1,10
78,What do you do when you feel down? ,1,8
79,"NSFW : I was talking to my friend and she asked me what the difference between a power bottom and a soft dom was. Like for a girl being one, could any of you explain it to me? I didn't know how to explain it, experience preferred but not required to answer. ",1,52
80,What do I do when my fianc says she had a dream that I cheated? ,1,15
81,"Why is the word ""actress"" now seen (by some) as a bad way to describe a female actor? ",1,18
82,Should one be insecure of really high and prominent cheekbones? Why? ,1,11
83,Tell me why ,1,3
84,What items do you hoard despite knowing that you're not going to use them all? ,1,15
85,How to not be an anxious and controlling gf() ,1,9
86,Why don't you want to talk? ,1,6
87,Why did I get blocked by my friend from school? ,1,10
90,"Whats the difference between calling a guy pretty vs cute, handsome, etc..? ",1,12
91,How do you tell your significant other you need a break? ,1,11
92,Is she messing with my head when she does this ,1,10
93,My boyfriend just broke up with me. Any advice/how do you get over a breakup? ,1,15
94,Where can I get solid black narrowed flared leggings with pockets? ,1,11
95,Who is most likely the father ,1,6
96,What emotion/s do you experience the most? ,1,7
97,"When you wear high heels, are you constantly in pain, or is it just me? ",1,15
98,What is the bravest thing you've ever done? ,1,8
99,Do you shave for your partner? At what point do you think you'll stop? ,1,14
0,Women with ADHD - how do you cope? ,1,8
1,How can I [f] become less critical and competitive towards other women? ,1,12
2,"Need help quickly ,what should i do ",1,7
3,"Ladies, have you ever had a close girlfriend that ended up being your worst enemy? If so, what happened !? ",1,20
4,How? ,1,1
5,Long-time married women that have met 'the one' - how did you know? ,1,13
6,"Casual Convo Fridays Every Friday, just say whatever is in your mind in this post. It doesnt need to be a question, and go on whatever tangent you want to go on.

We will still be enforcing our rules on gendered slurs, bigoted/disrespectful/hateful commentary, invalidation (if someones only contribution is telling others they are wrong), and asking relationship advice. However the comments dont need to be on a specific topic, and they dont need to be open-ended questions.

\~The AskWomen Mod Team",1,82
7,What are you most stressed about right now? ,1,8
9,"If you could have one song play every time you entered a room what would it be, and why? ",1,19
10,Should I feel guilty for finding someone damn attractive and with whom I might want to have intimacy without a proper relationship? ,1,22
11,What do you think about sugar dating? Do you know/recommend any sugar dating website? ,1,14
12,Turned  today but didnt celebrate because I was at orientation for my new (and first) job. How did you celebrate your st? And what was your first job? ,1,28
13,How safe is it to take a plan b a few days after getting an abortion ? ,1,17
14,Why do i get so jealous of other women. ,1,9
15,Have you ever eaten your partners poop? Which moment did you enjoy the mot about it? Hmmm...have you?,1,18
16,How much does happiness cost? ,1,5
17,How to keep a long distance relationship going? ,1,8
18,"Vanilla sex woman, do you sometimes feel inadequate in relation to the kinky/porn culture? If so, why? ",1,17
19,How did you feel conceiving a child using a sperm donor as a single female? ,1,15
20,"Women who lost their mothers at a young age, what are you glad you did before they passed? ",1,18
21,Should petite porn be banned? Why yes or no? ,1,9
22,Share how you deal with past soulmates ,1,7
23,A question to those who have/are in a relationship with overweight men. ,1,12
24,Naturally low-energy women: how so you stay motivated? ,1,8
25,"I've heard multiple times that if you want a girl, send her a video of you urinating. Of course I thought it was a joke but the more I heard it the more serious it sounded, so I want to ask do girls genuinely like these videos or is it a joke and why? ",1,54
26,Women who have lost their mothers at a young age: what's your best advice? ,1,14
27,How soon after meeting someone do you know if youre attractive to them and/or want to have sex with them? ,1,20
28,Who will just be honest and say it bluntly ? ,1,10
29,How do I make someone I went to high school with a friend ,1,13
30,"If shes enthusiastic, is there time thats too soon for sex when dating? ",1,13
31,How soon after meeting a man do you know whether you would sleep with him? ,1,15
32,What would you say if a man told you that they only want to date virgins? ,1,16
33,Why do female bosses hate me? ,1,6
34,Should petite porn be banned? / which where / ,1,9
35,Am I the only female on here that's literally hairy like a man ? Sometimes I think why me ,1,19
36,"dry orgasms, why? ",1,3
37,"Hypothetically, how would your life turned out if you weren't attractive? Have you ever consider the opportunities you would have missed if you didn't have your physical attractiveness while going through life?",1,32
38,Where can I get office clothes? Inspo? What are some good shops for business casual clothes? What are your fave pieces/original outfits? Where are they from?,1,26
39,How have your goals in life changed over the years as you experience new things and mature? ,1,17
40,Help finding a like minded partner (how) ,1,7
41,Boyfriend makes me very sad. What should I do? ,1,9
42,At what point did you realise you like liked someone? ,1,10
43,Need some female insight. Am i tripping? What do you think ,1,11
44,What is the best sex toy for clitoral and g-spot stimulation? ,1,11
45,How can there be yeast in urine? ,1,7
46,What Pinterest alternatives have you used for organizing clothing shopping lists from various retailers? ,1,14
47,What are some cringe inducing ways to refer to women that men might not know are unacceptable? ,1,17
48,You suddenly receive memories from your past lives. What do you see? ,1,12
49,Why don't you like my small pp? Crying sounds. I write you poems and buy you flowers and send them to work. More crying sounds. I could take you to a cold play concert even more crying noises ,1,38
50,TW: Id you have been raped how did it happen? ,1,10
51,Do you find people who do not masturbate/watch porn more attractive than people who do? ,1,15
52,"Married Women of r/AskWomen, how is being married different than dating, besides the legal stuff? For example, family dynamics, how other people perceive you, commitment, etc.",1,26
53,Do you find men who DO NOT masturbate/watch porn than men who DO? ,1,13
54,"There is a boy who wants to have sex with me and I do too, but I feel strange because I have a lot of spots on my back from acne that I suffered in my adolescence and I am terrified that he will notice them, any advice in how not to feel so insecure with that? ",1,57
55,Any women here who dont like their job and thinking about a career change? What career would you switch to if you could? ,1,23
56,What would you name this baby boy? ,1,7
57,"Women whose relationships have been rocky, how did you bounce back? How are things now? ",1,15
58,"What little habits help maintain your sanity on a regular basis, especially during these crazy times? ",1,16
59,Just a few questions i was hoping some one could share some answers with me ,1,15
60,Why is your best friend your best friend? ,1,8
61,"Those who chose not to have any kids, whats it like? ",1,11
62,"So, my gf wants to break up over a liked DM from a gir who I hooked up with years ago.. ",1,21
63,How can I celebrate my wedding with people who I dont want to invite to the actual wedding? ,1,18
64,"If you could go back to  years old, what would you start or stop doing then? I'll be tunring  this year and in all honesty, I feel like I've wasted my early 's and am looking to make some positive changes in the years ahead.",1,45
65,Almost . Single. No kids. What is wrong with me? ,1,10
66,Who has a prn addiction? ,1,5
67,I got a DM from a girl I hooked up with and my gf wants to break up and I dont understand why and whether I did the right thing. Below is a description ,1,34
68,What Should I do About This Friendship? ,1,7
69,share group recommendations for women in their s! ,1,8
70,"As a female, how addicted to porn are you? ",1,9
71,Does the friendzone actually exist? Why or why not? ,1,9
72,What Advice Would You Give To Me About This Friendship? ,1,10
73,Did anyone get itchy nipples after the Pfizer? Please share what you do to treat! ,1,15
74,The men in my life have only ever disappointed me. How do I get over it? ,1,16
75,My man wants to dress up as a woman Im bed and I find it...nauseating. What do I do? ,1,19
76,Career Oriented Women...How have you faired on Dating apps? ,1,9
77,What is your favorite discontinued fast food (or junk food) item? ,1,11
79,"Women who aren't very curvy, what's your favourite outfit when you want to feel amazing? ",1,15
80,Who else feels their breasts got saggier (more so than usual) during/ after quarantine? ,1,14
81,What signs to look out - is she interested? ,1,9
82,Who here (if any) women feel the same love now as they had for their romantic partner at the beginning of the relationship? ,1,23
83,"Why Would you fuck a good looking man? Like you're in a bar you find someone attractive, he's good looking would you fuck him without any second thoughts?",1,28
84,"Women who wear makeup to the gym, how do you not ruin it? ",1,13
85,"Ladies, how do you handle men who talk to your chest instead of your face? ",1,15
86,"Please share your thoughts, am I missing out on the single life? ",1,12
87,Someone who was tie dying fucked up ,1,7
88,Who feels this way ,1,4
89,How I have to deal with a virtual relationship taking more and more space ? ,1,15
90,How do you deal with a coworker you don't like? ,1,10
91,"How does a guy move out of the friend stage? If he originally hung out with a girl as a friend, is he screwed? ",1,24
92,"My GF () has never had an orgasm and I would like to help her, what advice do you have to share? ",1,22
93,How Do You Feel about Dating a Man whos never been in a Romantic Relationship Before? ,1,16
94,"Those of you who changed their career paths drastically in your s, s or later, why'd you do it and how did it turn out? ",1,25
95,"Women of Reddit who opted to remain childless, how has the experience been? I dont see myself raising a kid but there is huge pressure in my society and family to have a bio child. I might adopt an older kid later on in life ",1,45
96,How is the most immature person you've met? ,1,8
97,How much do UTI related producst cost per month? ,1,9
98,Describe the mistake I feel like I messed up ,1,9
99,What are some of your homemade remedies for common disease's taught by your parents? ,1,14
0,"Those of you with long-term partners, at what point did you start referring to your boyfriend/girlfriend as your partner? ",1,19
1,How do women pick their noses? ,1,6
2,When did you realize you fell out of love? ,1,9
3,"Women who grew out without (family) pets, do you think you didn't learn something important? And do you have pets now?",1,21
4,Why?? I was seeing for around / weeks left me for his ex and I miss him so much! ,1,19
6,What are some everyday hairstyles or ways to wear your hair for someone new to long hair? I've always had a pixie or a short bob and now that my hair is longer than shoulder length I have no idea what to do with it! ,1,45
7,What if I[M] am attracted to only girls of a certain skin color. Does that make me a racist? ,1,19
10,What's the right way to refer to women? ,1,8
11,Female MusiciansWhat's your experience with sexism in music stores? Do you experience sexism in local music stores/guitar centers? Are you hesitant to go into music stores alone or at all?,1,30
12,"How do you distribute your day between all the things you have to do and your hobbies? E.g. studying, cooking, gaming, playing the guitar, sleeping, etc.",1,26
13,Female MusiciansWhat's your experience with sexism in music stores? ,1,9
14,"girls, how you react if a big artist (singer, YouTuber, musician, actor ) tells you that he wanna have sex with you? ",1,22
15,Do women take more than their fair share of closet space? ,1,11
16,What do you do after work? ,1,6
17,Whats the weirdest date youve been on??? Ill go first ,1,10
19,Where do you draw the line (if you do) between a fwb/hookup and dating? ,1,14
20,How comfortable would you be with your boyfriend and female best friend becoming friends? ,1,14
21,"Lovely ladies of Reddit, what are good way to initiate physically? ",1,11
22,Whats the most romantic moment youve ever experienced? ,1,8
24,"Ive never traveled alone and felt confident with relying on myself, and I think I need to do this (when things are safe again). Where should I go ladies? ",1,29
25,What beauty/clothing/hygiene tips and tricks do you have for someone who just started transitioning and feels clueless? ,1,17
26,Can a  year old have hot flashes? (I describe my experience inside.) ,1,12
27,Do you also get blown on your stomach when/after working out? ,1,11
28,Wallstreetbets and how you got over gaslighting ,1,7
29,"me, i need help, now, need help whether ",1,8
30,Found out I'm pregnant and I'm not sure what to do. ,1,11
31,What percentage of the women you know has been a victim of sexual abuse? ,1,14
32,Can anyone share their birth control consequences? ,1,7
33,How can I stop feeling like everyone wants to manipulate me? ,1,11
34,What things can I buy to make my small space better to live in? ,1,14
35,Whats something you believe that almost everyone else disagrees with you about? ,1,12
36,How can I help using photography? ,1,6
37,"Women who have had an abusive parent, how has it affected your relationships? I saw this post in another subreddit and it made me think about it for a while and wanted to see how other women felt.",1,38
38,what do you find attractive in a man? ,1,8
39,You often hear people say about dating that it only takes finding one after going through a string of mishaps. Whats your experience of this in your dating life? Have you found it to be true? ,1,36
40,How can I help my gf? ,1,6
41,Do you think you're too sensitive? What does it look like? Any examples? How do you calm yourself or how do you deal with it in your own way?,1,29
42,"Muslim women, i am waiting one year to ask the women i love for her hand in marriage, i could use some tips, how should i go on this year with dates etc? ",1,33
43,If you could afford to get cosmetic procedures done which one(s) would you get? ,1,14
44,"For those that do, what stuffed animal do you sleep with at night? How long have you had it? How did you get them? ",1,24
45,"Women with little or no libido, how do you navigate your sexual relationship w/your partner? Due to medication Im on, I have very little sexual desire. What do you do w/your partner if youre never in the mood? I dont want to force it but I feel like an awful wife",1,51
46,Whats the dumbest thing youve ever had mansplained to you? ,1,10
47,"Reddit, why are all women whores [let's keep this civil], I'm also a woman and I can shamefully say that I am cock thirsty bitch - At the age of  my body count was already  which is pretty much half of my class so is there any scientific evidence as to why women are mostly just whores like myself ",1,59
48,"How would you prioritise physical/ sexual attraction to your partner, even if the relationship is all perfect except that? If your partner was everything you wanted, personality wise and treated you well, but you either did not feel attracted to them or the attracted waned. would you continue it hoping that it would form or come back?",1,57
49,When Is it for a guy to wear light foundation? ,1,10
50,"Boyfriends parents (mainly mother) doesnt want him to propose yet... what should I do? So me and my bf have been together for a few years, we are very much in love and couldnt be happier. He recently spoke to his parents telling them that he wants to propose. However they have told him that they want him to wait. We would love to be engaged however now he feels a certain way since they have said this to him. Im not sure how I should be feeling about this :/ has anyone else experienced this or does anyone have any advice? 

Thanks",1,103
51,What advice would you offer to women in their s as far as building a better future for themselves ? ,1,20
52,What is the best decision you have ever made? ,1,9
53,"How to take control of PMS - Emotional breakdowns and Moodswings? Dear ladies, how do you handle such?

In my case as an INFP (Introversion-Intuition-Feeling-Perceiving) &amp; HSP (Highly Sensitive Person), it feels thrice as hard as it really is.

Recently I've been concerned with how I perceive my relationship with my boyfriend. I'm worried that what if I'm becoming a toxic person for him. I am also aware that I am clingier than usual  With the pandemic going on I can't do much indoors than just chill around, watch and play rpg games.

PMS really steals the show haha, thanks in advance for sharing your thoughts!",1,106
54,"What would you guys suggest I get So I've never had much experience with bath and body works scents and body mists and where I live there are no testers to smell a bbw mist before buying so I'd have to blindly buy one but before doing that I thought I could get some insight here about what I should get if I like really fresh clean fruity or floral scents, emphasis on the fresh",1,75
55,"How attractive is Dana White Ladies, this might be a silly question, but how attractive do you find UFC president Dana White? Im unfortunately starting to lose my hair, so Im considering modeling my style after his.",1,37
56,"Who has Ovulation anxiety? Hi all - I suffer from terrible panic attacks but it is always around that time of the month. I have realized that even when Im ovulating I get horrible anxiety and feel like crap. Horrible headache, nauseous, etc. anyone have this issue? How do you cope? I cant have this happen twice a month. Its horrible",1,61
57,Ladies of reddit what do you think of male nurses/midwives? ,1,10
58,To people of Reddit whats one life challenge youve been dealing with lately? ,1,13
59,What are some topics that you ladies would like to talk about that men cant understand? ,1,16
60,Did anyone meet their life partner while actively searching for them (as opposed to meeting them when you least expect it)? Im curious to see how many people have met their SOs in a way that defies the when you least expect it narrative.,1,44
61,"Why cant friendships be as close as romantic relationships? Or how can I find one that is? I realized the part I like most about romantic relationships is how deeply connected and involved in your life they are - like talk/text everyday, default to doing most things together, getting to know the ins and outs of each other really well, traveling together etc. most of my friends live -+ hours away and even when Ive been in the same town its like texting every once in a while and seeing each other or talking on the phone every couple weeks maybe. Just really doesnt feel like enough for me. Id prefer not having roommates because of the annoyance/lack of privacy/potential for conflict (altho maybe post covid with the right person..) but Ive just found being single to be so sad and lonely and not bc I need a romantic partner in my life but just because I need someone by my side more consistently. Is this just how friendships typically are, even between two single ladies? Does anyone have more involved friendships? Any tips on how to develop something like that? I think most of my lady friends are just more independent and busy and broadly social than I am...plus the distance issue for now...",1,215
62,how disappointed are you of your father? ,1,7
63,"Women, what would attract you to less fit more average looking guy? ",1,12
64,"How do you help someone who just broke up with their bf/gf So, my friend recently left her boyfriend. I believe they fought more than what's considered normal, but they were together for (If i recall correctly) at least  years. Apparently they broke up just the other day, and shes extremely upset. She quit her job and just is so out of it. I've never had a relationship, the closest I've had is leaving my ex best friend, and that was extremely painful, I can only imagine what it's like to break up with a person who your whole world revolved around.

She wanted to go out to together cause she said she needs a friend, and I wanna help her but I'm not sure what the best way is. Shes extremely anxious. Do I just listen and give her a hug? Or is there anything I can possibly say to ease her mind? Sorry if this doesnt belong here, I'm still fairly new to reddit. I heard what happened from my boss, not her herself, but I know she was going to tell me when we went out.",1,189
65,Two negative urine pregnant tests &amp; one negative blood test but Im still worried Im pregnant. What do I do? ,1,20
66,How did you know you were ready to have children? ,1,10
67,How do you know you were ready for kids? ,1,9
68,What in a man's appearance is a dealbreaker when deciding whether you want to go out with him? ,1,18
69,Women of Reddit: what's your experience being the ugly person in your friend group? ,1,14
70,"How did you know you were ready to have kids? I am terrified

What made you feel that you were ready to have a kid?

As I feel some people don't always think of the whole picture when having kids.
They have kids cause it's what society wants and what is expected.",1,52
71,"For the women who will only watch a movie with a solid romantic plot line - have movies affected the way you see relationships? Have romcoms and kdramas affected the way you see love? Or affected your expectations for relationships? 

Is so how?",1,43
72,would you treat me differently for being a trans woman? why or why not? ,1,14
73,"What's something silly you innocently did as a child, that is now funny to you? ",1,15
74,"I want to buy my sister a new handbag. Which high-end brands are still classy and have sleek designs? My sister (f) just got promoted to a position that shes been working towards for years. Ive also been saving and financially planning, with a lot of help from her, that I can comfortably buy my sister a nice gift (my budget is around k usd). 

My sister needs to meet with potential investors and clients often (after COVID ofc), and her handbag is a little worn out. Since shes still young, and were both not keen on flashing brands in peoples faces - whats a good quality high-end brand thats discreet (but people who know fashion would know the brand, if that makes sense), with minimalistic designs? 

Thanks xx",1,129
75,Who likes sports bras better than regular bras? Which one do you ladies prefer and why?,1,16
76,"Women who live alone, do you like to cook yourself fancy meals and desserts? So I live on my own and I ADORE cooking - I will experiment and try out all sorts of things because I really just get such a thrill from preparing a meal and presenting it to myself nicely to savor.

My ex used to say that he does not understand why people who live alone would cook for themselves, but I think it's silly to eat grilled cheese and ramen for dinner every night. I am fabulous and will treat myself like I am!

I have discovered Gnocchi, baked a pie, baked a wellington, made a gorgeous seafood pasta, wonderfully delightful roasts, interesting burger patties... and these meals last me a few days.

I recently made a chocolate cake in the microwave and it was really nice! It's like my new favorite thing to do on a Friday night - bake a cake, have a slice or two, and watch a good chick flick!

Your turn! What do you enjoy cooking living alone?  do you even cook? If not, why?",1,185
77,who / what do you miss ? ,1,7
78,"What's the best way to make small advances? When you have a close friend or someone you like and you want to test the waters to see if the feeling is mutual, how do you go about finding out?",1,39
79,"Moving in with partner for first time, what to expect? ",1,10
80,How to handle this situation? ,1,5
81,What is something that motivates you to get up and do your work? ,1,13
82,How important is it for you to have a extremely good sexual connection with your partner in a relationship? ,1,19
83,Describe men in one word will you? ,1,7
84,Winning in life when ex blocks you on Twitter. ,1,9
85,My BF said he was fine with something two days ago- now he isnt why? ,1,15
86,Why do women leave their underwear behind after sex? ,1,9
87,                                                       ,1,0
89,Why is she doing this? ,1,5
90,Who cares more about looks or brains? ,1,7
91,"Hey ladies, have you ever gotten the perfect bra? If so, how did you find it changed your confidence? ",1,19
92,I don't know why we don't kiss ,1,7
93,How to reject other man in a nice way? ,1,9
94,"How would you raise your kids differently than you were raised? I.e. Be more strict, spoil them less, give them moee attention, etc.",1,23
95,"Which do you perfer you partner to be like, Cute or Hot? And why? ",1,14
96,What height do you consider too tall to date? Or just generally aren't attracted to.,1,15
97,How do you see yourself vs how you think other people see you? ,1,13
98,When a new job becomes a sexist nightmare ,1,8
99,What do you think of guys whose friends are mostly girls? ,1,11
0,What to do if you want less acne/pimpels around your chest? ,1,11
1,What song would you want/have wanted to lose your virginity to? ,1,11
2,"As a poorer person, without much in the way of funds, what could I do/make as a Gift? (  M ) ",1,21
3,"Ladies: If size didnt/doesnt matter, what does? ",1,7
4,Ladies: What is your go to position when youre super turned on? ,1,12
5,My period is two weeks early and really heavy. Should I be worried?I know I probably shouldnt be asking medical advice on here but I cant find anything when I Google it. (P.S. Ive had an IUD in for about a year) ,1,42
6,"so, I'm a minor who's needing confirmation on masturbation issues that I've been having ",1,14
7,"Looking for participants for a -minute online study on how people perceive dance movement. On completion of the study, participants have the option to enter a prize draw (link below) ",1,30
8,"Looking for participants for a -minute online study on how people perceive dance movement. On completion of the study, participants have the option to enter a prize draw. Full details available here: https://r.jyu.fi/DBO ",1,33
9,"Ladies, I need help! Just realized that I totally forgot how to flirt ",1,13
10,Dreaming of money. Thats all I can think about. I remember mama saying one day baby you have all the money you need to do what you want. Today I paid off $k in student loans oh what a wonderful feeling. I will sleep like a baby so make sure you too have sweet dreams so you can sleep like a baby ,1,62
11,Have you been in a situation where choosing your boyfriend over your friends was necessary/justified? ,1,15
12,Who can share me some experience ,1,6
14,"What are your favorite body scrubs, serums and lotions? And vice versa, have you tried anything that you absolutely ***would not*** recommend?",1,22
15,Ladies if u taking care of ur babymama and the kids making sure daycare and rent and bills payed. Y must the babymama talk to a prison nigga and say tht the man doing everything aint shit? Please need serious answers. How am I losing out on my family to a prison nigga? ,1,53
16,"Hi, friends! How do you get over jealousy in a relationship? ",1,11
17,"Women of Reddit, how do you feel when you start noticing inconsistencies in your partner's behaviour? ",1,16
18,It seems like I'll have to give up on my lifelong dream because of financial reasons. I've been crying all day because I'm hurting and in so much pain. How can I cope with this...? ,1,35
19,How do you feel when he grabs the back of your head in kissing and intimacy? Like during kissing he grabs the back of your head to kiss him closer instead of him coming to you. Does it come off as forceful and selfish?,1,44
20,Have you ever been anxiously attached to someone in a relationship? How did it turn out? Asking because I am going through this rn...and i don't know how to handle this.,1,31
21,"Ladies, what are your favorite lavender body washes ? I'm looking for something with a really long lasting scent",1,19
22,How/When did you know a therapist wasn't the right fit? ,1,10
23,When kissing counts as cheating? ,1,5
24,Women that work in male-dominated fields how do you deal with the stereotypes and assumptions made about you becauae of what you do? ,1,23
25,"Ladies, what do you feel is the most misunderstood thing about you? ",1,12
26,"Have any of you ladies been asked out for a Valentines date by an admirer/Friend? how was the experience? is it something that you look forward to, or is it something that has largely disappeared with recent times? ",1,38
27,"Those who often like to bare their belly button/stomach, why? ",1,10
28,Why does my tattoo artist thinks I'm dating her housekeeper? ,1,10
29,How does one move on without entering another relationship? ,1,9
30,"Happy Thersday! Thersday is a day for questions focusing on women and women's experiences only. No questions related specifically about men/male behaviors will be permitted on Thursdays. This includes questionsabout women's thoughts on men's words, appearances, actions, or anything else related to men. Everyone is welcome to participate in Thersday regardless of your own gender, but questions should remain focused on women and their experiences and opinions. Thersdays will run from am ET Thursday to am ET Friday.

Examples of things we'll remove:

* What do you think of men who x?
* How does it make you feel when men x?
* What are your best/worst experiences with men?
* If a man does x, how would you react?

If you have any questions about these supplemental rules, please message the moderators and we will be happy to discuss it with you.

\~The AskWomen Mod Team",1,147
32,Why am I bleeding in between periods ? ,1,8
34,"How long into a relationship would it have to be/What milestone would have to be reached before a man could sincerely say ""I love you"" and it not be offputting? ",1,30
35,"Women who read fanfiction or books on Wattpad, what POV do you prefer and what do you enjoy in fanfiction? ",1,20
37,"On average, who do you think has a higher proportion of hot guys, gay men or straight men? ",1,18
38,"What are anyones experiences with bleaching leg hair, or hair on other body parts? (not hair) ",1,16
40,What do you think?? Am I bad at reading signs shes interested in me??? ,1,14
41,Please share your recommendations for sanitary pads or alternatives ,1,9
42,Being manipulated by girls (who) ,1,5
43,how woman pee? ,1,3
45,What are you looking for in a partner? Quesitonaire ,1,9
46,Who is your favorite sibling and why? [deleted],1,8
47,Who in this group would be interested in attending a female side hustle &amp; entrepreneur meetup? ,1,16
48,What is your usual cleaning routine? Has it changed with covid? I saw the ask Reddit about people who only clean before company comes over and it really reminded me how bad its gotten.... Im curious how often others clean/what prompts it/ how thorough etc?,1,45
49,How do you feel about getting lots of dms and friend requests on social media? ,1,15
50,Queer women: how have you managed sexual desire for women while in relationships with men? ,1,15
51,"LADIES, which is the best cellphone service provider??? ",1,8
52,what should i do? (About My Crush) ,1,7
53,"Ladies of Reddit, How do you feel about mustaches? ",1,9
54,How do you respond to an I miss you text when you want to remain a little mysterious? ,1,18
55,Women with gym memberships how much do you actually use it? (Pre-covid) ,1,12
56,How do you manage feeling incompetent at work? ,1,8
57,How did you make your moms th special? ,1,8
58,Topics which you wish were more discussed? ,1,7
59,Who do you know personally who has extreme views ? ,1,10
60,"how sensitive would you say your neck is, If someone like your partner or close friend were to kiss,suck,lick, or gently bite your neck how much of a pleasure or displeasure would it be? What would your reaction be ",1,39
61,On a scale of one - ten how much would you say your neck is? ,1,15
62,When should men put women on calorie counts? ,1,8
64,"Women of Reddit Who Got Their Partner to Fall In Love with You, What's Your Story? ",1,16
65,What are the unmistakable signs that you dont love them anymore? ,1,11
68,What was your experience with birth control? ,1,7
69,Moving alone to new state who has any tips or advice? ,1,11
70,Fingernails of differing lengths....why?!?! ,1,4
71,What is the funniest movie you've ever seen? ,1,8
72,What's the appeal of fake nails? ,1,6
74,LADIES THAT HAVE MARRIED/DATED LONG TERM PARTNERS WHO MADE SIGNIFICANTLY LESS INCOME- DO YOU HAVE ANY REGRETS FOR NOT PICKING A PARTNER WITH THE SAME FINANCIAL STATUS? ,1,27
75,Why are there names im my head ,1,7
76,"Ladies, which do you prefer, a man shaves his armpits or nah? ",1,12
77,For the women who will only watch a movie if it has a good romantic plot line: ,1,17
78,What is the absolute worst thing your SO can do during a proposal? ,1,13
79,Not sure what the title should be just trying to find another person(s) opinion on a girl I like. ,1,19
80,Is it a flex for women to have multiple sexual partners? (((Why))) ,1,12
82,For the women who would only watch a movie if it had a solid romantic plot line - do you feel as if this has affected your relationships? ,1,28
83,What with bullying ,1,3
84,How did you overcome insecurities about your partners exes? ,1,9
85,Share your experience of finding a good contraceptive? ,1,8
86,Do you think a woman can be empowered if she is financially dependent on someone else like a spouse? Why do some people look down on women who chooses not to work? ,1,32
87,"Ladies, how do you remove smells from your bags? New or old",1,12
88,"Ladies who exercise and have busy lives outside the home, how do you deal with all the showering, changing and beauty routine needed to keep up with your appearance? ",1,29
90,What are some weird things/ habits you and your SO do that no one else knows? ,1,16
92,Do women like guys who are virgins? ,1,7
93,Women of Reddit what is your opinion on Socialism? [deleted],1,10
98,How can I fix the tension between us? ,1,8
99,What do you do/say when men automatically assume you're into them just because you're talking to them? ,1,17
0,"Hello ladies, a question for those who are in a relationship with larger stronger men. What are some unique ways you've personally or comically taken advantage of his stature? ",1,29
1,How do you know if another woman is trying to steal your man? ,1,13
3,How do i know if my coworker is harassing me? ,1,10
8,"Do you really care about men's height? If that's the case, why? ",1,12
9,how would u deal/feel about living in the same house as your boyfriends parents for a temporary amount of time? ,1,20
10,Women who like a BAD BOY! ,1,6
11,Ladies why?! ,1,2
13,Ladies with pets - do your animals talk back and have conversations with you? Do their voices and accents match their personalities? What do they do and say? Am I the only insane person who carries on actual conversations with her animals throughout the day and thinks their human personalities and words match their animals personalities?,1,56
14,"Self taught artists, how did you grow your skills? ",1,9
15,Who is Cuckoo for Cuckold Puffs ,1,6
16,"Ladies, can you share any recommendations on shape wear? ",1,9
17,"Women who weren't naturally drawn towards having children, but did for one reason or another, how's it going? ",1,18
18,How do you like being eaten out? Any interesting techniques that stick out in your memory? ,1,16
19,How has the #metoo movement effected in your daily interactions with men or in general? ,1,15
20,Women! Can you share recommendations for shape wear? ,1,8
22,Do you sext? How did you start off or find your sexting partner? ,1,13
24,How did you start off or find your sexting partner? [deleted],1,11
26,Casual sexting. How did you start off or find your sexting partner? [deleted],1,13
27,How was your experience getting an IUD installed? ,1,8
28,What are some music videos that empowers women? ,1,8
29,Who has tried reperiod.com before? ,1,5
30,How long are your legs ladies? Need help from the fellow vertically challenged amongst us please? ,1,16
31,"My wife is unhappy that she has gained more than the recommended weight gain during pregnancy. I think shes still the most beautiful thing Ive laid eyes on, so ladies did you stay in the recommended weight gain or did you go over it and how did you feel? ",1,49
32,"Dear women who have gained a lot of weight in a short amount of time, how did you handle it emotionally? ",1,21
34,"Women who have gained a lot of weight in a short amount of time, how did you deal with that? ",1,20
37,Whats the best thing have been done to you during your cancer ,1,12
38,What do you think are the things to consider when choosing family over your career or vice versa? ,1,18
39,Which experience made you more cynical about people than you were before? ,1,12
40,Tampons or pads? And why or why not? ,1,8
41,I am not overly attached to being a woman. Share ,1,10
42,Do you get jealous of women who married a rich man and never have to work? ,1,16
43,Hi i want a girlfriend. what should i know before i head out on this adventure? ,1,16
44,is there a difference in the porn that you people watch? who has wondered this? ,1,15
45,Does anyone have any stories of bouncing back after a serious relationship ended suddenly? What did you do to reestablish yourself and how did you get over it? ,1,28
46,"Do you disclose your salary with your colleagues and why? It feels like a damned if you do, damned if you dont situation. Its good to know your market value and that youre being paid fairly, but it also feels like it might create resentment between coworkers and with upper management.",1,51
47,"Women who are the only (or one of the few) women at your job, what are pros and cons? ",1,19
49,When was the last time you cried your tears out of joy and happiness? ,1,14
50,How come she can come every time we have sex? Is this something to do with me or she can just come easily with every men? ,1,26
51,What do you think about a man who is (too) honest with his feelings? [deleted],1,15
52,"For those of you who got everything you ever wanted, but still ended up unhappy, how did you deal with it? ",1,21
53,"Women of Reddit, how many of you have experienced period poverty? In what ways? ",1,14
54,I need advice on how to stop feeling jealous/insecure In my relationship ,1,12
55,"Ladies who have never been asked to be a bridesmaid before, do you feel down about it or left out? ",1,20
56,"Women who have had a hysterectomy with one ovary removed, what was your experience? ",1,14
57,What would a realistic commercial for pregnancy tests look like? ,1,10
58,What is the difference between a woman and a pig? ,1,10
59,When is it appropriate to complement a strange womans body? ,1,10
60,What should I do? How do I move on? ,1,9
62,"If you found out youd be infertile in a years time, how would your life change? I posted this in askreddit also, but being a woman I would like to hear a more concentrated volume of other women. 

Thanks!",1,39
63,Why do women/girls like country boys/guys ? ,1,7
64,"What was your most memorable, impactful birthday that youll never forget? What happened that made it so memorable?",1,18
65,What is an area where you easily outperfom % of other women? ,1,12
66,How would you feel if a friend in a much better financial situation offered you money? ,1,16
67,"Is the stereotype that some women only date tall guys true? If so, why is that? ",1,16
68,How much time is not enough time with my girlfriend ,1,10
69,"Have you had surgery to close up your belly button piercing? What was your experience? Was it expensive? Did insurance cover it (private or public insurance)? Did a plastic surgeon do it? 

Will pregnancy mess with the scar or make it protrude?

Did it hurt? What was recovery like?",1,49
70,How should a man who just met a woman ask her out as friends? [deleted],1,15
71,"Hi ladies: Anyone else feel like they have or had issues with finding faults in people to avoid intimacy? If so, how did you deal with it? ",1,27
72,"How can I try to go out with his friend? So I started seeing with this guy I met on Tinder about a week or two ago. I think we have hung out  out of the last  nights, and we have been hooking up too. I really like him, but the only problem is he's working here as a locum doctor, so he is only in town for a couple weeks, and then, will be leaving and won't be back here until May. He has a friend who lives here in the same town as me, so he has been asking me to bring one of my single friends for a double date with them. I don't have any single friends who are interested, so last night I just went out with him and his friend alone. I know it's not going to work relationship wise with this guy because he lives  hours away from me, and I won't get to see him again until probably May, if ever. I think his friend seemed really nice, I found him attractive, and last night he said he is looking for a relationship which is what I want. Since this guy I've been going out with is leaving, I kinda would like to try to go out with his friend. I know this sounds like a bad idea, but how could I go about this?",1,233
73,How should a man who just met a woman ask her out as friends? ,1,14
74,How do yall feel about a man making you orgasm with oral instead of sex because of lack of size/stamina? ,1,20
75,"What makes you want to chase a man or a woman? Speaking from a Mans perspective I've never been pursued by a woman when it comes to dating. I'm always the one having to put myself out there to get noticed by a woman I have an attraction to. And though in some cases she shares the same interest, she never pursues me. I've had women tell me they were attracted to me but unless I'm the one initiating conversation, or setting up a time to hang out they never contact me or make an effort. They tell me that they are definitely interested in me, and attracted to me (Though some of them have replied with ""idk"" or ""i guess"" I usually drop those women). I've met  women who said they were attracted to me, and definitely liked me, but after not contacting me for a week (I decided to stop contacting her to see if she actually would reach out to me) she posted on her Instagram on a Saturday night of her making out with another guy. The other woman dancing with another guy with her arm around his neck (I had Heart aches that night). 

&amp;#xB;

So I was curious, in your experience, what made you chase or pursue a guy or girl you were interested in?",1,221
76,"Women who dated a married man, did it turn out like you wanted? ",1,13
77,For those of you with healthy and productive morning routines...what are they? Im super lazy in the morning and want to change that. Ill wake up have a coffee and sit on the couch on my phone for an hour. Eventually I get going and will go out for walks most days and do yoga then clean up the house and whatever else is on the agenda. I wake up relatively late too sometimes - even though I shoot for  I have had sleeping issue and end up often sleeping in. What are your routines and for those of you who are not morning people how did you get there?,1,110
78,How do you usually show affection to your SO? Is it clingy? Distant? Or per situation and setting? Do they need to make the first move or do you?,1,29
79,What life lesson do you wish your mother had been taught before she had her own kids? ,1,17
80,"Working women of Reddit, whats in your office bag? ",1,9
81,"How to deal with weight issues and dating 
The guy Im talking to, who is so kind and respectful, brings up some strange things sometimes regarding weight. He talks about how he believes a lot of peoples health issues are because of their choices. Im technically obese according to BMI by  points. Then he was talking about his friends and said that the guy broke up with the girl because she went to college and got chubby, which seeing a video of this girl, who was my size. I asked if he would break up with me if I gained weight and he didnt answer and deflected. I told him this bothered me and that my weight was a serious issue in my life, and he said he shouldnt have said all that and felt bad he did. But heres the thing, now when he touches me Im thinking about how big I must be to him. Especially because we get food together all the time and he always says no when I offer to cook. Hes so nice and then later says he does like me for me (my personality) and that he wouldnt care about any of that. I dont have an eating disorder but before I met him I was trying to lose weight for  months and didnt lose a pound and had serious panic attacks and hard times due to it. Is there anyone I can continue dating him without thinking of the constant need to lose weight / thinking about how big I think he thinks I am.",1,263
82,"How to deal with weight issues and datint 
The guy (M) Im (F) talking to, who is so kind and respectful, brings up some strange things sometimes regarding weight. He talks about how he believes a lot of peoples health issues are because of their choices. Im technically obese according to BMI by  points. Then he was talking about his friends and said that the guy broke up with the girl because she went to college and got chubby, which seeing a video of this girl, who was my size. I asked if he would break up with me if I gained weight and he didnt answer and deflected. I told him this bothered me and that my weight was a serious issue in my life, and he said he shouldnt have said all that and felt bad he did. But heres the thing, now when he touches me Im thinking about how big I must be to him. Especially because we get food together all the time and he always says no when I offer to cook. Hes so nice and then later says he does like me for me (my personality) and that he wouldnt care about any of that. I dont have an eating disorder but before I met him I was trying to lose weight for  months and didnt lose a pound and had serious panic attacks and hard times due to it. Is there anyway I can continue dating him without thinking of the constant need to lose weight / thinking about how big I think he thinks I am. How do I get over it I guess is what Im asking, because he did explain and apologize and communicate with me.",1,287
83,How would you feel if a random guy you never met asked you out? ,1,14
84,"Why do women lose interest in a man when he starts reciprocating interest in her? Why do women show more interest in a man who shows little to no interest in her? First let me say I know not all women are like this and I should phrase the question as ""some women"" just hoping I could get more viewers to give me their insight lol (sorry :p)

&amp;#xB;

Now in my experience whenever a woman shows interest in me I have reciprocated the same interest but a few days after I do, they start to become cold or distant and completely shut down. I end up chasing the woman after she starts loosing attraction for me. Some women have told me that I was needy when I showed interest in her. I personally dont think I came off as needy, I may have texted a bit more than usual but thats because I like this person, and I dont want to treat them as just a friend. Or I bought a rose when I was in the mood because I wanted to make her feel good that day. Apparently these were desperate acts.

With women who I've had an interest for but decided to restrain it and just show little to no interest they continue to pursue and chase me. I didnt reciprocate to much interest in them and they continued to chase me. In those situations I actually ended up with  women who were attracted to me and for once in my life I was the one who was able to choose the woman I wanted to be with.

&amp;#xB;

I know this isnt for all women but why do you think this happens?",1,286
85,How to increase a Low sex drive? ,1,7
86,What are your experiences meeting friends through online platforms like bumble BFF? How did it turn out? ,1,17
87,"Does your significant other play videos games, and if so, how much does the amount they play bother you (if any)? ",1,21
88,"Do women really hate it when a guy plays hard to get? Or is there something actually attractive about a man when he shows restraint when it comes to his interest in a woman? Lets take an example of  men, Cade, Eren, Rin. Each of these men are really attracted to a woman in their life and each woman has started developing an attraction to each of these men. Each of these men know that the woman is starting to like them more and more and they want to build on that attraction, but they know that a lot of women will be turned off if they show too much interest

&amp;#xB;

Cade is a man with high confidence, good looks, and a genuinely good person. Helping others when he can, checking up on his friends, and he is fun to be around, he takes part in some interesting hobbies such as art, and is a sucker for pop culture. The only problem is he has very little experience with women, whenever he is in a possible relationship with a woman, he is usually the one doing the chasing and this woman is one of the first to show her interest in him, so naturally he is really excited and doesnt want to lose her, so he shows more interest in her in hopes that she will  feel special. He is still a young man entering his mid twenties, and growing up his parents always taught him to treat the women he likes as special to him, sometimes to go above and beyond for these women to show them that they are special to him. He does this by texting her everyday, not every minute of the day of course, but a bit too often throughout the day. He tries to strike up conversation once every lets say - hours and while he is successful at keeping her interested in conversations he gets anxious that she will lose interest as he starts to run out of topics to talk about. Or on days when he isn't texting her that often, the texts he does send contain information showing how attracted he is to her, sending a good morning text with a heart emoji, or checking up on her when he hadn't texted her all day. And in person he's always doing his best to be as close to her as possible, walking alongside her, and if they are with friends always making sure he is sitting next to her. If you were in this woman's position would you have lost interest in Cade?

&amp;#xB;

Eren is a much more experienced man albeit the same age as Cade, he and Cade are similar in that they both have good looks, fun to be around, are actually interesting people, and they both have extremely strong feelings to the women they are attracted to. The only difference is, Eren has learned that when he shows little to no interest in a woman, they end up chasing him. So he continues this with promising results but he takes it to the extreme. Whenever a woman texts him, he sees the message and gets back to it much later than he should , out of thought that he would look desperate texting back as soon as she texts him, for him it would be too easy to text back as soon as she texts him because he always has his phone on him. He acts cold and mysterious around women he's interested in and this usually gets him the results he is looking for. He has the ""abundance mindset"" in that the woman he likes isn't the only woman he talks to, he flirts with other women in case she doesnt have a mutual interest in him. His conversations with the woman he is interested, though not as often as he'd like over text message are still interesting and enticing, and because he doesnt text the woman he likes as often, they have more fun and interesting conversations both in text and in person. The only problem Eren faces is that it hurts him to act this way because he is genuinely a loving and caring person and doesnt like to hold back when it comes to loving someone, but because of a past experience with a lover, he fears that if he shows too much interest she will lose her attraction and interest in him, he will fear having to be the one chasing all the time as he did when he was younger. So he keeps this up, and though it hurts a little, most of the time its worth it for him when he and his woman are in intimate moments and he is able to tell her ""I really enjoy spending time with you"" or ""My days are always brighter than usual with you"". Saying these feel like a  ton weight was lifted off his chest. If you were the woman of Erens interest, would you lose attraction or still be interested in him?

&amp;#xB;

Finally, Rin, a man of the same age as Eren and Cade. He has their good looks, interesting personalities, and strong feelings towards a woman. Rin has had a little bit of experience with women and has learned that when he shows interest but not too much, he is able to keep the girl he loves interested in him until they become exclusive. Rin shows eagerness like Cade but has learned how to restrain it to show he isn't desperate like Eren. Like Cade he texts the woman he likes almost everyday, but not every - hours, rather once a day asking them how their day was, telling jokes or funny stories, or flirting over text, but he keeps it to one to two text conversations a day and nothing more, sometimes less when he isn't feeling good. He shows eagerness by staying as close to her as possible when they are together in person, but dials it back such as when they are with friends, if she is sitting on the opposite end of the table, he doesnt try to get up and switch seats just to be closer to her. Like Eren he shows restraint but not too much, sometimes if she texts him, he sees the message and gets back to her a little later, unlike Eren he doesnt do this consistently. Like Eren he sometimes acts mysterious, such as leaving the woman guessing when she wants to know more about him. Unlike Eren he doesnt leave her guessing forever and lets her in some more. Like Cade he does chase the woman he likes a lot, but unlike Cade and like Eren, he restrains it if she doesnt show the same amount of interest and only starts reciprocating again when she starts chasing him. If you were the woman of Rin's interest, would you lose attraction to him?

&amp;#xB;

I know these are weird examples but these are what came off of my head after what I've read from the experiences of men when it came to attracting women. Sorry for the long read but based on what I've said: Do you find it attractive when a man is able to restrain his eagerness and interest in you?

&amp;#xB;

TL;DR Do women find it a turn off when a man shows too much interest in her or eagerness, or is there's something attractive about when a man shows restraint when it comes to his attraction for her?",1,1255
89,"Does your boyfriend want sex... all the time? What do you do about it? I hope this is the right place to post it as I am curious what other women think about this.

The thing is, I've been in  relationships so far and in most of them, the men want way too much sex that I can handle. I've currently been dating this man for  months I do love him dearly. He is wonderful, he supports me, he makes me happy yada yada. I am happy with him.

The thing is, the sex. Like, I understand wanting it, at this point we would have it around - times a week. But he wants more than that. Sometimes more than once a day. And if it doesn't happen, the conversation is always about sex, it always goes back to sex sex sex and I'm kinda tired of it at times because sometimes I just really want to have a normal nice conversation about things without sex being brought up.

The thing is, this isn't the first time as I said before. Even in my past  other relationships, the men were kinda like this too. Always wanting more. I don't get it. Is this just their normal behaviour or am I strangely attracting highly sexual men?",1,215
90,"Why do I feel like I need to have options with everything (clothes, beauty products, makeup etc.)? This is probably a dumb question, but I barely have girlfriends so I don't know if it's really normal. 

For example, I don't have one or two body washes, I rotate between  or more. I don't have just a couple of face cleansers, I have  (and several exfoliants). I don't have just one or two shades of red lipstick, I own  different ones etc. This theme is everywhere in my life from beauty even down to owning like  different sets of pajamas lol. I like having the comfort and ease that comes with having multiple options for everything but sometimes I worry I've inherited my mother's tendency to buy things unnecessarily.",1,128
91,"Has anyone else dealt with anger towards men in a general sense? What can I do to address this? I'm currently jumping through the hoops of the US American healthcare system to get an IUD. I had an appointment for this evening to finally get one inserted after months of waiting, phone calls, arguing with insurance representatives, and dealing with the hormonal changes that accompany a birth control change (my previous one expired after  years and was removed  months ago), and the clinic just called to reschedule my appointment. 

And... I'm angry. Why is this so hard? Why isn't my health or well-being a priority for these people? I'm angry at the healthcare system of this country, at these clinics for not doing their due diligence, at the providers for not being successful in their attempts to insert (I almost got it inserted at the previous appointment, but the NP was not comfortable working with my body type and did not have an ultrasound), and I'm angry at men. 

I have dealt with our failing healthcare system in the past, so while this is a painful and raw experience it is not new and I know I will overcome this feeling. The anger at men is new, however, and I am having trouble placing it. 

Men don't have to deal with the pain, discomfort, or irritation of working with and manipulating hormones to prevent pregnancy. The burden of maintaining contraception falls on women's shoulders, and I feel sick with the injustice of it. For example, I am *tired* of seeing our hearing ads for basically cheap, easily accessible erectile dysfunction medication, while I and the women around me are forced to go on a crusade to find access to the medically essential care they need. It seems like men's issues are society's issues, and are addressed with swiftness and acceptance, and women's issues are dark and sordid, addressed only in secret and with extreme prejudice. 

I know the birth control/healthcare situation will work out with time, but I feel incredibly burdened by my rage and frustration. I know it is not the direct fault of the men around me, but I still feel the anger. Has anyone else felt like this? What can I do?",1,375
92,"Is anyone else annoyed by the term ""friendzoned"" and how they have been hurt by this? I feel like men are constantly complaining about being friend zoned by women. However, they don't understand the woman's side of things. Quite a few times I have lost friends because I thought they liked me for who I am as a person and not just spending time with me to get in my pants. I seemed to have these great male friends when I am single but as soon as I start dating someone they fall off the face of the earth. I then hear through others that these men are suddenly talking bad about me behind my back. This really hurts me. Honestly, if these guys don't have the balls to tell me how they feel and just beat around the bush pretending to be my friend then they don't deserve me as a girlfriend. And then to talk shit about me when another man swoops in and is forward enough to make a move... Apparently I should be some kind of mind reader for these men that I thought were my friends but wanted more from me yet never made any inclination of their feelings. Like honesty, how can I know how someone feels unless they tell me?",1,217
93,Women of Reddit what are your honest opinions of Valentine's day? ,1,11
94,"If your man spends time pleasuring you through oral and touch until you reach orgasm just how important is penetration for you? Do you still want/need it? Overall what is more important, the actual orgasm or how it is reached? ",1,40
95,"What does a healthy romantic relationship look like? I've never been in one and recently realized a toxic pattern plays out whenever I like a guy: The more they like me, the less I like them and when they lose interest is when I fall for them. I also often put myself second and seek to please men.

I just want to know what a healthy relationship and the right partner look like so that when it comes along, I'll know to recognise it. Thanks.",1,85
96,What do you think of astrology? And/or Myers-Briggs personality sorting? ,1,10
97,"Dear Women of Reddit, how would you react if a long term SO told you they fell out of love? / sick of the relationship? ",1,25
98,"How do you feel fulfilled in your relationship when you speak different love languages? The five love languages are: Words of Affirmation, Quality Time, Physical Touch, Acts of Service, and Receiving Gifts. 

If you and your partner have different love languages, how were you able to overcome that? Was it difficult at first or is it still confusing at times? Any tips/tricks? 

Looking forward to hearing your responses!",1,68
99,Does sexualized art of women who have unrealistic (anime) proportions bother you? ,1,12
0,'Mansplaining' - How much do you suffer from it and why do you think it is a thing? ,1,18
1,would you let your boyfriend follow/like other girl's posts and why? I wanted an opinion on this would you let your boyfriend like supermodels posting sext pictures or liking pornstar pictures or even girls that he knows would you have an argument about it or would you not care and also if he doesn't like the post instead he follows.,1,60
2,"Im   lbs, and a J which causes me intense pain, and Im curious about the possibility of a breast reduction, but I still want to breastfeed. Has anyone had a breast reduction, and tried breastfeeding? What kind of procedure/incision did you have? Is your nipple sensitivity still there? 

Any feedback is appreciated!!!",1,52
3,Ways to overcome someone who blocked you (I.e. person you were dating) Tips would be nice. What are the different ways you could be productive instead?,1,26
4,What do you wish you did with your mom before she passed away? ,1,13
5,"Gamers of reddit, what is your favorite Xbox one game? (Can be any kind of game!) ",1,16
6,What do you think What do you think about having a sugar daddy whos gonna be spoiling you and take care of you financially? If interested Dm me,1,28
7,How much does your relationship status affect your ability to make friends? ,1,12
8,What do you wish more people understood about people? ,1,9
9,"Women who lose themselves in relationships, how did you stop? ",1,10
10,"Describe a time your kindness was mistaken for weakness, and how you handled it? ",1,14
11,Whether should i delete social media ,1,6
12,"What kind of things do you imagine your ideal self would do, but the real you never ends up doing? ",1,20
13,What is the most sexist/offensive thing a man has ever said to you? ,1,13
14,"Women, how easy is it to obtain a restraining order against an obsessive ex? (TW: Suicide/Depression). ",1,16
15,If there was a total world ban on wearing makeup would you see this as liberation or oppression and how would this affect social media as we know it? ,1,29
16,How do you feel about men being overdressed? ,1,8
17,What makes you feel sexy? How to feel sexier ,1,9
18,How do you motivate yourself to clean house when you have a lot to do? ,1,15
19,What does a green heart emoji mean? ,1,7
20,What are some of your favorite hairstyles that youve gotten over the years? ,1,13
21,What are your experiences with friends that have a low EQ? Are you still friends? Did they change?,1,18
22,What are your experiences with friends that have a low EQ ,1,11
23,Need some help with edging my partner. How should I do it? Please help young girl to surprise his BF ,1,20
24,Why do women give up so much for kids then complain later that their life was wasted? ,1,17
25,What one thing that can make even your 'perfect partner' someone you couldn't want romantically? ,1,15
26,Women managers of reddit how do you deal with attraction to subordinates? [Serious] ,1,13
27,How do you deal with condescending rude female colleague? ,1,9
28,"Female manager(s) of reddit, how should my friend a subordinate employee address unwanted attention from his manager? ",1,17
29,"When women specifically get married, have kids and revolve their entire life around a man... it makes me want to yeet myself off a cliff ",1,25
30,"Have you ever been in a relationship where you felt your partner was too good for you? If so, what ended up happening? ",1,23
31,Would you rather have a fat guy or a bald guy? Describe Would you rather date a man who is bald and in decent shape or a man with normal hair but its overweight?,1,34
32,"Ladies, what personality traits you mean when you say a nice personality is attractive? ",1,14
33,"Ladies ,what personality traits you mean when you say a nice personality is attractive? ",1,14
34,"I asked a bunch of guys why they like a woman saying 'daddy', they mostly said their partner likes it and they just go along with it to keep her happy. Is this true in your experience? ",1,37
35,I [m] am mainly friends with women. Would it be weird to have some emergency period products in my bathroom? How do I let them know about it? ,1,28
36,How to prevent being rejected? ,1,5
37,Does anyone else get off to the image of having a cock in you and in your mouth at the same time? ,1,22
38,"Women of Reddit, does dating someone who's not in the same wavelength bother you (in terms of dating)? i.e: someone who according to you doesn't put much effort as you put into the relationship ",1,34
39,How do I (M) signal to girls that I only want to be friends? ,1,14
40,How to get back into better shape and feel healthy again? ,1,11
41,Can some fellow women share some advice about coping with my best friend dating a man  years older than her? ,1,20
42,How often do you feel endangered by men? ,1,8
43,"Women who broke off a perfectly good relationship to work on yourself, how did it work out for you? Was it worth it? ",1,23
44,"To all the women older than myself, please share your wisdom. I'm  what would you like to know when you were my age. Thank you, all the advice is appriciated &lt; ",1,31
45,"women of reddit, why don't you understand... ",1,7
46,"Women, how would you like a guy to approach you? ",1,10
47,I struggle to figure out whether my girlfriend is lying about her sexuality. ,1,13
48,What do women find attractive? ,1,5
49,What does it feel like to have your vagina eaten out/lick by someone? ,1,13
50,I regret not giving a guy a chance who had my back for the longest. ,1,15
51,"How do you understand ""at first you have to be happy alone to find a happy relationship""? Do you sometimes think about the relationship (or that you want to be in one) although you are happy alone? ",1,37
52,Do you find it off-putting when guys don't talk or message too much? ,1,13
53,What is the female version of an erectile dysfunction? ,1,9
54,What's the worst example of 'mansplaining' that you've heard? ,1,9
55,What are some non-sex use of condoms and sex toys? ,1,10
56,"In what way do you live a double life? For example, like a completely different social life than work life that your coworkers might be shocked by and vise versa?",1,30
57,Describe Online shopping for Dresses with free worldwide shipping ,1,9
58,"What is your favorite part of a house, and why? ",1,10
59,How do you healthily diet after having an eating disorder? ,1,10
60,What should I do? I do not feel appreciated ,1,9
61,How do you know you're in love? ,1,7
62,how much do you like guys to have muscles? are they necessary to be attractive? ,1,15
63,How would you feel if your husband started crying because he appreciated you so much? ,1,15
66,"For women who are friends with thier ex, why did you break up with them? ",1,15
67,Which Historical figure do you find hot? JFK?,1,8
68,"How much would you care if it turned out your husband had had height increase surgery before he met you, and your children turned out really short? ",1,27
69,How do you identify a Dry Texter? ,1,7
70,Why does lying on a bed/couch butt naked (in private and at home) hit differently? Is it just me? ,1,19
71,Women of reddit what is your opinion on men wearing womens clothing and shoes? ,1,14
72,When Did You Realize You Were Being Groomed? Even as an Adult ,1,12
73,When Did You Realize You Were Being Groomed? ,1,8
74,How has cacao powder changed your sex life ,1,8
75,What do you ladies think about buzzcuts on guys who are fit and muscular? Im  y.o athlete Ive been rocking a buzz cut and have noticed more attention from females and compliments. What are your thoughts on buzzcuts,1,38
76,How do you know if a female boss is hitting on you? [Serious] ,1,13
78,Help me out please. Why is my oral game so bad? ,1,11
79,How do thongs and panties not give you a wedgie? ,1,10
80,"Single women, do you have a dream guy if so what is he like? Just curious on what women look for.",1,21
81,What is the best period underwear? describe ,1,7
82,"Women whove been admitted to mental institutes, what was it like? ",1,11
83,"Should I treat women I'm friends with differently then ""the boys?"" Why or why not? ",1,15
84,How do some women take pleasure in playing good men and hurting their feelings? ,1,14
85,How do you deal with a phobia of pregnancy? ,1,9
86,I want to share my sadness with you guys ,1,9
87,"I'm turning  next month, what do you wish you knew going into your s? ",1,14
88,Tell me or describe the most charismatic people you ever meet. ,1,11
89,Question about hair dye? What ,1,5
90,How do I get over a girl who played with my feelings? ,1,12
91,How do you deal with your S/O having a different libido than yourself? Title says it. Now a days I have a higher libido than my partner and im struggling with it. Anybody else deal with this or vice versa?,1,40
92,Why do women like The Sims? ,1,6
93,How has sex addiction changed the way you see people? ,1,10
94,Where can I find any Women Entrepreneur groups or communities open to join? ,1,13
95,How do you stop eating what you know is keeping you from feeling good about yourself? ,1,16
96,What is the female obsession with mens veiny hand images? ,1,10
97,"Women, whats the funniest thing to happen to you while having sex? ",1,12
98,When's the last time you told another woman she's beautiful? ,1,10
99,What is your favourite way to clear your head or calm down before a doing an activity or situation you feel stressed about? ,1,23
0,"What does it mean when a girl talks to you about the troubles that she's been having with her boyfriend, then after you've told her not to break up with him, the next day she finds you to tell you that she broke up with him? ",1,46
1,"Welcome to the Salty Spitoon, how tough are ya? ",1,9
2,"Women who grew up without father figures who went on to pursue relationships with men, how did you decide what qualities to look for/avoid? ",1,24
3,"Share stories about a physical feature you have that you considered a ""flaw"" but you decided to leave it be? ",1,20
4,I'm trying to figure out when my gf's period is? I'm so clueless. I come from a family of all boys soooo yeah. See body for details. ,1,27
5,describe best way to get a smaller waist? hi! does anyone know any good workouts on youtube that are effective for the waist? thank you!,1,25
6,"What are the characteristics of a high value male? So ladies, what are the things you highly value in a man and look for (before you get to know him)? What are your ""green flags""?",1,35
7,What makes your SO attractive compared to a celebrity crush? ,1,10
8,What superhero would you date? ,1,5
9,What are some tips on coping with sexual trauma? ,1,9
10,How can I achieve my weight goal? What can I do to stop consistent platoed weight? ,1,16
11,Why do women have such soft skin? ,1,7
12,Woman who have psoriasis around the hairline: how do you approach getting a haircut at a salon when your scalp is always dry and flaky? ,1,25
13,Are you avoiding or delaying pregnancy during COVID- pandemic? Why or why not? ,1,13
14,What do you do when you're single but craving emotional affection? ,1,11
15,"Women of Reddit, has anyone been able to move the date of their natural cycle? If so how? I don't really want to go on birth control. I just want it to come  days later than it consistently does.",1,39
16,How do you walk outside alone as a woman? ,1,9
17,How to avoid family that is physically and mentally abusive. ,1,10
19,How would society change if women couldn't wear shoes anymore? ,1,10
20,"Women romantically and/or sexually interested in other women, what do you find attractive in a woman? ",1,16
21,Are period leak-proof underwear legit? Share ,1,6
22,How should I text my ex ,1,6
23,why do I have an abusive family. ,1,7
24,Did you ever reach out to your childhood crush as an adult or did they reach out to you? What happened? ,1,21
25,What do you think when I ask this? ,1,8
26,How can mensupport their mate going through menopause and what should they expect? [Advise] ,1,14
27,How do you better handle your emotions? And how do you ask someone to seek help? ,1,16
29,How do I find the real person thats having their pictures being used to catfish? ,1,15
30,What song always gets you out on the dance floor? ,1,10
31,Why this girl would have unadded me on Snapchat? ,1,9
32,How do you accept a trait that prevents you from being conventionally attractive? ,1,13
33,When he's on top ,1,4
34,Advice: How can I prepare to raise a child as a single parent ,1,13
35,What blogs and/or websites give outfit ideas or talk about trends and styles without focusing on buying new clothes all the time? ,1,22
36,"To those who have lost a friend due to unrequited love, how did you cope with the pain and regret over expressing your true feelings? Repost because first submission was removed",1,31
37,Use the pill to skip my period. When should I take a pregnancy test?  ,1,14
38,What if your boyfriend tells you he wants to be a Cuckhold? ,1,12
39,Would it be rude to only go to a wedding reception and not the ceremony of a friend who invited a small-ish crowd? ,1,23
40,"how do I get some justice? ladies, I need your help ",1,11
41,Who likes cum? ,1,3
42,who would Trample their BF ,1,5
43,Women: Do you prefer guys who are circumcised? ,1,8
44,How do you respond when someone you know but not that well comments about your weight? ,1,16
45,How do women feel about sending nudes? ,1,7
46,Do you ever feel the pressure to marry an older man because that's what society expects us to do? ,1,19
47,"Those of you who are able to rock a bodysuit under jeans while out and about, how do you go pee without getting undressed? ",1,24
48,Who Masturbates to Exes? ,1,4
49,"If you come with your partner to a wedding or a big party, what is the worst for you : NOT inviting you to dance for any reasons close to insecurity and lack of skills, OR inviting you to dance with  skills and do a total mess on the dancefloor in front of you ? Please explain why ",1,58
50,How do I get boobs? ,1,5
51,How to overcome imposter syndrome ,1,5
52,Who taught you how to style/maintain your hair? ,1,8
53,How do you react to Your bfs mess?? ,1,8
54,What is the most mysterious place you have ever visited? ,1,10
55,I'm conflicted about supporting sex work. How can sex work be feminist when it downgrades women into merely sex objects? ,1,20
56,"Women who had to get an abortion, how did you feel? ",1,11
57,How do you cope with being unattractive? ,1,7
58,"How do you make a new house feel like home after living there for a few months? I think my postpartum anxiety wouldn't be so bad if I could just feel like I'm at home, not living in a stranger's house.",1,41
59,Why does my ex girlfriend watch all my stories on an insta page she doesnt follow. ,1,16
60,How long did your cycle take to return to normal after stopping hormonal BC? ,1,14
61,What is the worst way you ever been or have been woken up? ,1,13
62,how are you? just a lil vent sesh if you need it. lifes tough.,1,14
63,Why I'm so afraid of commitment and labelling? ,1,8
64,What are ways to learn to love yourself? ,1,8
65,How should looking at a persons private but leaked nude pictures be prosecuted? ,1,13
66,How do you go about online dating ,1,7
67,How do you tell if a man just wants to take advantage of you? Holy shit I'm tired.,1,18
68,"Inspired by todays previous post, how does one not let themselves go? ",1,12
69,What do you consider sexy underwear for men? ,1,8
70,What's your negative experience with drugs? ,1,6
71,I need help understand what happened. ,1,6
72,"Coping during a COVID break-up, feeling isolated. What are your suggestions? ",1,11
73,To what extent is actively flirting (or not discouraging it passively) okay when in a relationship? ,1,16
74,How can I be that way? ,1,6
75,Please share your stories of finding your passion and changing career after ? ,1,13
76,"Girls on IG who just travel, go to five star restaurants, go on shopping sprees, etc.- whats the end-goal? ",1,19
77,whats your favorite pick up line to use on men? ,1,10
79,Please share your experiences with restraining orders/protection orders? ,1,8
80,"What do good gym habits look like, and should I change my routine to avoid potentially making women uncomfortable? ",1,19
81,What are your favorite long gold/silver earrings you like wearing to work? ,1,12
82,Ladies... Please help me figure out what I'm doing wrong here- I get a yeast infection nearly every time I have sex? ,1,22
83,Wondering whether I should text him tonight? ,1,7
84,"Women who hate working, how do you get through your day without going crazy? ",1,14
85,What qualities make up a good ltr partner? ,1,8
86,Who has used there boyfriends (or their own) Xbox controller as a vibrater ,1,13
87,What's the difference between being nosy vs. being interested in someone's life? ,1,12
88,Women who love to fantasize: what does ruling a country or a nation look like in your head? Are you feared or loved? Tyrannical or democratic? ,1,26
89,Why do so many women feel the need to post sexual pictures to instagram? ,1,14
90,"When they reach a certain point, theres always a chair! ",1,10
91,How did you work out how to balance the needs of yourself and others? ,1,14
92,Your favorite boba girl needs your help to vote for her!! share please? ,1,13
93,Where do you get your sexy thongs/g strings? ,1,8
94,hi hi im new here &amp; have a person in my life who i just cant let go of ,1,19
95,How did you start becoming comfortable with going out by yourself? ,1,11
96,Where do you guys get your sexy thongs and g strings? ,1,11
97,A guy I have loved for - years now and how do I move past it ,1,16
98,Is a small facial scar an attractive feature on guys? Describe why or why not ,1,15
99,What happens to a women's body if she takes emergency contraceptive pills where ejaculation didn't take place? ,1,17
0,Why was this guy triggered and unmatched me after hook up? ,1,11
1,Kate Spade tight wallet query (how to fix) ,1,8
2,"Married, Kept My Maiden Name/Hyphenated, Please Share Experiences and Frustrations! ",1,10
3,How much do you get into family relationships particularly between siblings and parents? ,1,13
4,Why my ear is about to make me go crazy ,1,10
5,How do you handle sounding confident and professional via text/email? ,1,10
6,How do you feel if a guy earns less than you ? ,1,12
7,How much does height matter for a man? ,1,8
8,How do you get to feel confident and find your own beauty? ,1,12
9,What would you (F) think if you discovered your partner (M) fantasizes about you sleeping with other men? ,1,18
11,"Women who decided not to have children in your thirties, did you ever regret that decision much later in life? ",1,20
13,Is it true that white women don't like Asian guys because they are not well endowed? Why/Why not? ,1,18
14,"Women who go to the gym, what are your opinions on men looking at you? ",1,15
15,"Who else feels absolutely gigantic simply doing day to day tasks, even though you are actually considered a small person? ",1,20
16,"What's your experience dating beta males and alpha males? Do you prefer one over the other? Guy here, me and a few friends were discussing this and wanted to see the female opinion",1,33
17,Do you genitalia ever fall asleep when you ride a stationary bike? NSFW ,1,13
18,"Have you ever been in a relationship where you felt unworthy of your partner? If so, how did it end up? ",1,21
19,"Women who have been lauded for ""being strong"" all your lives, how did you learn to accept that it's okay to be vulnerable too? ",1,24
20,Why is there a double standard on women dating younger men? ,1,11
21,"Women who have been lauded all their lives for being ""strong"", how did you learn to accept that it's okay to be vulnerable too? ",1,24
22,What is wrong with Female Fronted Bands Terminology ,1,8
23,How often do you catch people looking at your tits/ass per day? ,1,12
24,What's the difference between a guy asking you out to coffee and a guy being honest about his feelings for you? ,1,21
25,"What describes a ""hopeless romantic""? Google isnt really helping me understand fully",1,12
26,Playdough consistency pieces of blood after sex? ,1,7
27,When to Bail at Work on Period? ,1,7
28,What are some of your favorite forms of media that helped you improve social dynamics? ,1,15
29,"What are your favorite clothing brands for ""medium sized"" bodies? Bonus for sustainable/ethical ",1,13
30,"How would you feel about passport-style dating profile pics with no makeup, hairstyles, or facial expressions? ",1,16
31,Did you ever have feelings for someone you never want to be with? How did you move on and let it go? So basically this person approached me and he was madly in love with me or obsessed with me.,1,40
32,How long should I give nexplanon a shot? ,1,8
33,"To those who have lost a friend due to unrequited love, how did you cope with the pain and regret over expressing your true feelings? ",1,25
34,Who do you ask for advice when you encounter a problem youre struggling with? ,1,14
35,How often do you say/do things to annoy friends/family? ,1,9
36,"A girl I really like had completely played me and dragged me on forever, it hurts so much and I dont know what to do, how do I help myself and why would she do this to me? ",1,38
37,How did your relationship with a partner that had a girl best friend end up ,1,15
38,why would she do this? ,1,5
39,"Can someone describe a ""hopeless romantic"" please? Google isn't really helping me understand it .",1,15
40,How do you learn to be satisfied with your appearance seeing all of the perfect looking people on Instagram and on tv? ,1,22
41,"Hey, I was wondering what good questions to ask a girl on the first date (Serious) ",1,16
42,"What are some similar phrases to boys will be boys or if hes mean to you, it means he likes you? ",1,21
44,Do you like bi men? Describe why :) Would you encourage your bf to be bi or even share another man with him? Do you find it hot?,1,28
45,"Women who aren't really into/ don't care about politics, why? ",1,10
46,"What can I do if I believe I'm having an early miscarriage ( weeks,  days based on first day of last period)? ",1,22
47,Why it takes me so long to orgasm? ,1,8
48,"For women who remained friends with thier ex, why did you break up? ",1,13
49,(Period question) Why do I have brown discharge coming from vagina continuously for a month? ,1,15
50,"Which ""guy movies and tv shows"" you hate? ",1,8
51,im in love with two people who do i choose? ,1,10
52,How much value do you place on yourself being physically attractive? How important is it to you? I.e. having a pretty face and an attractive figure.,1,26
53,"Women who cover their mouth while laughing, why do you do this? ",1,12
54,What should I do when my boyfriend sent another girl a d-pick? ,1,12
55,What do you do when you feel like you've been a horrible daughter? ,1,13
56,How do i stop being a horrible daughter? ,1,8
57,"Have any of you ladies gone through what seems like a mid life crisis in your s? If so, what kind of changes did you make and how did you pull through it? ",1,33
58,"Women, what are your opinions on men sliding into DMs? ",1,10
59,What is the hand over mouth thing ,1,7
60,What can I do to fix the relationship ,1,8
61,What the most unrealistic expectation that really annoys you? ,1,9
62,Does anyone else get very clingy while on their period? How do I stop from annoying my SO. I can tell hes getting irritated but I know its just my hormones. How can I explain this to him? ,1,38
63,"Have you ever caught a guy being super enthusiastic after being with you? Like the first time you kissed and he got back in his car, or when you had sex etc. Did he have a moment where he couldnt hold in his joy like fuck yes! touchdown reaction? ",1,49
64,"Single women, what are you going to do on valentine's? Not that I care too much about this but during the pandemic a self care/celebration day seems like a good idea.",1,31
65,F What age did you start masturbating? ,1,7
66,"Women who are the type who ""juts get thing paid for"" how do you do this and what does it mean? ",1,21
67,What would you do ,1,4
68,Could I please get some fellow women to fill out this survey for my dissertation? How women are portrayed in video games. ,1,22
69,"Women, With what name do you save your SO's contact? ",1,10
70,What is ONE makeup product that you think MEN could use to improve their looks? ,1,15
71,Why Have you ever been in an abusive relationship at the hands of Black men? Non Black women only ,1,19
72,"When youre wearing skirts/dresses, where do you keep your phones/car keys? Ive always wondered, when you are wearing a skirt or a dress or sometimes just regular clothes, where do you keep everything?",1,33
73,Why do you feel Black men treat Black women poorly? ,1,10
74,"ladies, what are your thoughts on being someones rebound/being in a rebound relationship? ",1,13
75,Looking how to get a sugar mommy ,1,7
76,How did he get you engaged? Where have you been ? ,1,11
77,"Those woman who decided not have a kid( even not get married), how do you deal with it when your friends around you all get married and had kids? ",1,29
78,Would you let your man shave your Legs? Please share your thoughts. I'm sitting in the Train and thought: Wouldnt it be weird to have a man shave a womans leg? Im just curious as a Guy lol.,1,38
79,"Whether any Latina, White, Asian women, have you ever been physically attacked by a Black man? ",1,16
80,How do women from different identity categories react when temporarily rejecting the social norm of shaving? ,1,16
81,"Women who are named Karen, how sick are you of Karen jokes? I imagine every fucking person you meet wants to make a joke about your name or show you a Karen meme. Must suck.",1,35
82,"Hello, anyone one interested in helping an international student practice for interview? We will just talk on zoom and see how well my English is, thanks! ",1,26
83,At what age did you know you 'were ready to date'? ,1,11
84,"What. is your option on the ""curvy earth"" image going around? ",1,11
85,What two totally normal things become really weird if you do them back to back? ,1,15
86,"How would you describe your type? In terms of dating/attraction For example, mine would be nerdy lumberjack",1,17
87,Why My Ex Likes My Tweet and Unlikes? ,1,8
88,What are sexy things guys can do for girls? ,1,9
89,"For the tall women here, share an experience where you felt powerful. How much do you think your height had to do with it? ",1,24
90,What motivational quote would you like to write on your kid's blanket? ,1,12
91,Question: when did you ladies begin to understand the real power of being a female? ,1,15
92,Looking for tips from people who have a similar situation to me ,1,12
93,What criteria did you use to determine which career to change to? ,1,12
94,What do you consider having sex? At what point would you consider that you and your partner had sex and how does that definition vary with in the same sex or opposite sex partner?,1,34
95,"What's something in particular, guy's don't do enough in bed, during sex? ",1,12
96,Why do you act like periods dont exist? ,1,8
97,"Women who shop for clothes from the menswear section, help me how to do it without caring about being judged? ",1,20
98,How do you know where to draw a line (what flaws you can accept) in a romantic relationship? ,1,18
99,Whether Kombucha &amp; Periods is a bad combination ,1,8
0,If you could go back and give your  year old self some advice what would it be? ,1,17
1,What are some serious problems women have to face everyday that men dont realize? ,1,14
2,"Ladies just curious... coming from a man, how do we successfully approach you in your dms? ",1,16
4,Women in long-term relationships: after how many dates did you sleep with your SO for the first time? ,1,18
5,What was one thing that someone said or did that made you smile last week? ,1,15
6,"Need Help Horribly With My Cat Eye, What am I doing wrong?  ",1,12
7,Do women take nude photos of them self's to look at later to gain confidence? Share your answers please! :) ,1,20
8,"In your culture, when you first get your period, how does your family/society react? ",1,14
9,Why am I gaining so much weight?? ,1,7
10,Im in a relationship but I want a Sugamommy as I earn a lot less than my partner and I feel the stress of her thinking Im useless? What do you guys think? ,1,33
11,Creepy Friend After My Family What to do? ,1,8
12,"What happened in your last relationship, why didn't it worked out? ",1,11
14,What can I do with this problem I'm facing? ,1,9
15,Stregth.. How.. ,1,2
16,Reusable pads/period panties experiences: please share! :) ,1,7
17,"I want to help, but Im not sure how ",1,9
18,What are some ways youve fought the male gaze? ,1,9
19,my boyfriend wont let go of his past with his ex-girlfriend and son. how can I convince him to move on? ,1,21
20,"Women who have dated the same person after years of being separated, how did the relationship change the second time around? ",1,21
21,How to get off birth control? ,1,6
22,Share At-home Remedies ,1,3
23,What would your own custom made boxing trunks look like? ,1,10
24,Have you ever had a near death experience? What happened and how have your perceptions changed since that incident? ,1,19
25,Please I really want to know why they do this ,1,10
26,"Mate Free Monday  Due to [popular demand](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskWomen/comments/oef/meta_would_you_want_to_see_a_day_in_raskwomen/), every Monday from am ET and (- GMT) until am on Tuesday, submissions related to dating, relationships, or attraction will be removed.;

Examples of things we'll remove:

* What do you look for in a partner?
* What does your SO do that you love/annoy you?
* Are you attracted to \[feature\]? (Includes celebrities)
* Would you ever date noted guitarist Slash?
* Is \[thing\] a red flag/yellow flag/dealbreaker/white flag?
* What do you think about men who eat muffins alone in coffee shops? How about the sexiest way for them to remove a jacket, or zip up hoodie?
* Any question involving sex, attraction, or romanctic relationships.

If you have any questions about these supplemental rules, please [message the moderators](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=/r/AskWomen&amp;subject=Questions+about+mate+free+monday) and we will be happy to discuss it with you.

\~The AskWomen Mod Team",1,142
27,Women who are hairdressers: if a client has mild psoriasis do you get grossed out washing their hair or does it not bother you? Would you prefer the client to tell you beforehand they have psoriasis? ,1,36
28,Do upturned noses look good on men and why? ,1,9
29,"Women with houseplants, what was your first? Favorite? Wish list plant? ",1,11
30,How do you feel about youre not allowed to be sad because people have it worst than you? ,1,18
31,I (F) have gotten my first big coloured stretch marks on my thighs and ass. How did you learn to love your tiger stripes? ,1,24
32,"Women that grew up with daddy issues, what are some things you learned through the years that you wish you couldve told your younger self? ",1,25
33,Why not support other women? ,1,5
34,What age is good to have children? ,1,7
35,What do people find sexy about you without the sex? ,1,10
36,How can you help a woman feel better about herself without coming the wrong way? ,1,15
37,How do I navigate this relationship? Mental health issues.. guilt. ,1,10
38,WHO ,1,1
39,How to stop waiting for his reply ,1,7
40,"What are your favorite YouTube channels? (Especially women creators) I love commentary channels, and tea channels are a guilty pleasure. I have struggled to find some women creator commentary channels.",1,30
41,Women of reddit who have been engaged/married: did you ever have doubts about the engagement and how did it turn out for you? I am recently engaged and am having some big doubts. Is this normal??,1,36
42,How would you feel if there was a law in the United States making every woman get sterilized after having  kids ? ,1,22
43,"When did you realize you've grown apart from very old friends, and how did you cope with the loss? ",1,19
44,"AITA for leaving after I thought I had found my soulmate (M) who showed his true colors while I was pregnant, he treated me like trash and cheated on me (F) the entire  months ",1,34
45,What do yall think about guys who have anime girls as their wallpaper? ,1,13
46,Did you ever stick with someone who refused to commit? How did it turn out/end? ,1,15
47,Ladies have you ever felt embarrassed by your lover's job? What is your experience? ,1,14
48,"How do women feel about guys with shaved legs and armpits? I just shaved my armpits and legs. I also trimmed my pubes, but do women like this or would you rather have a guy with pit hair and hairy legs?",1,41
49,How do you rejuvenate yourself when you're mentally exhausted due to being socially isolated for months because of lockdown and added stress of work/uni? ,1,24
50,What are your honest thoughts on men that can cook? Does it matter at all or is it a bonus? ,1,20
51,Introvert women of reddit! What is the one thing that you would want your extrovert SO to know about you? ,1,20
52,Is it possible to find a man who will let you wear/post whatever you want and still be loyal? ,1,19
53,"If youve ever gotten a wild hair to repaint your bathroom, kitchen, etc cabinets a different color, how big of a difference did it make? ",1,25
54,What should I gift my mother for Mothers Day? ,1,9
55,What's some questions/topics you wish you had asked your partner on the first date? ,1,14
56,"How do you handle having such specific preferences that you're labeled ""weird""? ",1,12
57,Women of reddit would you date someone who wears the other genders clothes and/or shoes? ,1,15
58,"What is it about a man that might scream ""try hard""? ",1,11
59,What is the probability that you fuck a random guy?. what characteristics you find attractive to take him bed ,1,19
60,Women of reddit would you date a man who wears womens shoes? ,1,12
61,Women of Reddit whats the most stupid question youve been asked in a first date? ,1,15
62,What is the probability that you fuck a random guy? even if hes not the prettiest one. what characteristics you find attractive to take him bed ,1,26
63,How to cope with anxiety the week before your period? ,1,10
64,How screwed am i? ,1,4
65,"Does anyone else get weirdly, bizarrely anxious in the week before your period, and how do you cope? ",1,18
66,What is the probability that you fuck a random guy? even if hes not the prettiest one. what characteristics you find (fisical and personality) to take him bed ,1,28
67,"I (f) have had reoccurring yeast and bv infections for almost a year and I am in desperate need for advise, what can I do that I havent done already to make it stop? ",1,34
68,"To those who didn't start dating until their mid s, how did you get started and what helped you meet someone? Do you regret not starting earlier? ",1,27
69,"If you had a lot of dresses too fancy for the day to day, what/where would be some good places someone could take you to wear them? Especially in a smaller town. ",1,32
70,"Women who have dealt with sexual abuse, how long did it take you to be comfortable being intimate again? ",1,19
71,Whats the best quote youve ever heard? ,1,7
72,share use smell used unddddieee ,1,5
73,How does the constant sexism and misogyny ingrained into society and mens minds affect the way you view/like men? And why are there seemingly so few who we can count on as allies?!,1,33
74,"What is your love language? Comment below what your love language is!

-Quality time
-Physical Touch
-Acts of Service
-Words of gratitude
-Gift Giving",1,24
75,What's something that keeps you up at night? ,1,8
76,"Ladies, how do you deal with incessant product peddling by salon employees while you get hair done? ",1,17
77,What are the financial expenses and sacrifices you need to make after having kids ? ,1,15
78,"For those of you who enjoy hanging out in large groups, and/or have a large friend group that hangs out all the time, how do you do it? ",1,28
79,"Ladies who survived dating a ""nice guy"", what did you do to cope after the relationship ended? ",1,17
80,Why am I having frequent breast pain? ,1,7
81,"How often do you experience sexism on Reddit? out of all the social media apps i use, ive experienced the most sexism by far on reddit. i was wondering if any other women find this too?",1,36
82,how do you console a friend who is crying and sad over having big boobs after pregancy? ,1,17
83,When is it too soon to buy her this? ,1,9
84,What are  incorrect assumptions people always make about you? ,1,9
85,What girls opinions on guys with piercings? ,1,7
86,"Why do some women put on a ""peace and love"" and ""girl's girl"" facade, then proceed to be cutthroat to other women? ",1,22
87,"For those of you who like hanging out in groups, and/or have a large friend group, how do you do it? ",1,21
88,"Women who moved abroad, what job or career are you doing while abroad? ",1,13
89,what scars does my husband have? ,1,6
90,"What do you fantasize about when searching for hot anime content? According to trending searches, anime is #? ?",1,19
91,What do you fantasize most about when searching for hot anime content? Apparently anime is the most trending search? ?,1,20
92,What are your thoughts on being told to watch your tone by a male? Sexist? ,1,15
93,"In terms of men's attractiveness - which do you prefer - a nice body with an average face, or an average body with a nice face? ",1,26
94,How do I approach the issue that my SOs health and fitness habits are decreasing my overall attraction to her? ,1,20
95,"I need to be educated on how birth control works please, I'd really appreciate the help ",1,16
96,"Ladies, whats your favorite lingerie brand? (And if youre comfortable sharing- what type of body type you have and if the brand runs big/small) 

I really need some new pieces!",1,30
97,"So- how do you people have sex without the condom, and still minimize the risk of pregnancy? (I need to be educated on how birth control works please, I'd really appreciate the help) ",1,33
98,How common is it actually to have (non cancerous) lumps in your breasts? ,1,13
99,How do you get the courage to tell someone you love them for the first time? It's terrifying ,1,18
0,What do you (and what would your dad) think of my odd situation? Am I date-worthy? ,1,16
1,How ,1,1
2,What benefits did you see (aside from pregnancy prevention) did you see on BC? ,1,14
3,When should I go to the doctor? ,1,7
5,"Those who had the opportunity to move to a different state away from their family, what made you do or not do it? ",1,23
6,When did you stop getting periods with IUD ,1,8
7,What do you fantasize about? ?,1,6
8,For those who switched career pathshow did you know it was the right move? ,1,14
9,Im (F) afraid to play tennis because my crush/best friend (M) plays it and I feel like he thinks Im only interested in it because of him. I dont know what to do. ,1,33
10,Is it okay for me ( years old) to flirt with an  year old girl? Whats right? ,1,17
11,"How do you feel about men you don't know calling you sweetie, honey etc.? ",1,14
12,"POC women: Have you had a bad dating experiences due to stereotypes towards your race? Do you worry it will continue to affect your dating experience/ finding a long term partner, if so how did you deal with it? ",1,39
13,"Women of Reddit, how do you deal with sexual harassment in public? ",1,12
14,"Ladies, tell me how its worth waiting? ",1,7
15,Women what are ways you display interest to a man through messages and Snapchat ? ,1,15
16,Do you find non cisgender weird which ,1,7
17,"POC women: Have you had a bad dating experiences due to stereotypes towards your race? Do you worry it will continue to affect your dating experience/ with finding a long term partner, if so how did you deal with it? ",1,40
18,"Women of Reddit, why does it seem the less interested I am, the more interested the woman Im talking to becomes but the more interested I seem, the less interested they become? ",1,32
19,What do you say to people who say women who are more towards the curvier side should cover up/dress modest? My (f) own mother said this to me not so long ago and it really hurt.,1,36
20,"Women of Reddit, what personality trait do you expect a man to have compulsorily? ",1,14
21,How to heel the trauma? ,1,5
22,"What is your opinion on famous men having sexual relationships with willing, of age fans? Is it just never ok based on the difference in position of power? ",1,28
23,Women - have you ever realized right away that you shouldnt have married your spouse? What caused it ? How did you cope? ,1,23
24,Why do (some) guys try to approach women and then insult them when they get rejected? ,1,16
25,"Ladies, if you consider yourselves to have a successful work/life balance, how do you do it? ",1,16
26,POC women: Do you ever worry about how your racial stereotype affects your dating experience or finding a long term partner and how do you deal with it? ,1,28
27,"There's a joke that guys will say ""I want a big-titty-goth GF,"" what's women's version of this? Like ""I want a  BF""? ",1,22
28,Do you think it's a fairly common thing for women to like some degree of violence when having sex? I've been told it is by my girl friends but I just want to be sure.,1,35
29,What muscle on a mans body turns you on the most? ,1,11
30,How do you deal with strangers looking at your ass in public? ,1,12
31,hi AnsweringWomen ! Sex question: how long has it taken to be quite mutually good and in synch and IN TUNE with your partner in bed?? ,1,26
32,"Ladies, what is your go to iron supplement? ",1,8
33,How to compliment a girl on her looks? ,1,8
34,Is it possible to have female friends in highschool as a dude? Why ,1,13
35,Anyone what information ,1,3
36,"How do you sleep with your hair after a fresh cut , color , and blow out ?? I literally am a messy sleeper. No cap, no headband or anything stays on my head! I wanna preserve my hair but I sweat a lot in my sleep too! Any tips??",1,50
37,"Do you suffer from an addiction? If yes, how do you manage it? Do you usually fight it or give in? ",1,21
38,"People that have met the love of your life later in life, whats your story? ",1,15
39,How to be romantic? ,1,4
40,Why do you wear nicer underwear to work than at home (for your SO)? I've noticed that my wife does it and it makes my head spin. How common is this?,1,31
41,Women with hormonal acne who have taken the pill.... How long did it take to see any improvement? ,1,18
42,How would a woman describe how to get through this. ,1,10
43,How can you detach yourself from constantly craving male attention/validation? ,1,10
44,"To those of you who went from living with a SO to apart, how did you redirect your time/gain back independence after being attached for so long? ",1,27
45,Why can't I seemed to get turned on anymore? ,1,9
46,How would you respond diplomatically to an antagonistic remark? ,1,9
47,Has being friends with an ex disrupted any future relationships and how did you deal with it? ,1,17
48,"As a beautiful woman, how can I be more less intimidating &amp; more approachable? ",1,14
49,Uncomfortable hearing bf's roommates' sex noises. Not sure what to do. ,1,11
50,Do you mind being referred to as female and why/why not? ,1,11
51,How to manage lack of knowledge on how to validate the self? Maybe? ,1,13
52,What do you value about your friendship with male friends? What do they bring to the table thats different from women friendships? ,1,22
53,Unemployed  year old woman with very little working experience- how to not feel worthless ,1,14
54,What are some good affordable lingerie brands? ,1,7
56,Did I misread the intention behind her Valentines gift? ,1,9
57,"How much about your relationship do you share with your close friends, and why do you draw the boundaries (if any) where you do? ",1,24
58,"My mother stresses about everything and anything. I don't want to follow her footsteps, but how? ",1,16
59,Why do you think so many people still have the mentality that a woman's purpose on this Earth Is to have children clearly They need to see The Gabriel Fernandez story on Netflix? ,1,33
60,"To the ladies who arent married to the father of your children and still live together, do you call them your boyfriend, your husband or just partner? ",1,27
61,What is your love language? It doesn't have to be one of the classic . How did you figure it out? Just curious :) I (f) have long thought punctuality and thoughtfulness to be my top love languages!,1,38
62,What are some legitimate reasons to get a breast reduction and should I get one? ,1,15
63,Do periods regulating apps actually help? If yes when one do you use? ,1,13
64,How to deal with my boyfriends sister always bringing up his ex ,1,12
65,"What 'setting' is appropriate to ask for a stranger's number? For context, I am male and I see this cute girl at my Church. Is it weird for a stranger to ask for your number? What's your experience with it?",1,40
66,Thoughts when youre told to watch your tone? Sexism? ,1,9
67,Can a small pens be a deal-breaker? Why yes or no? ,1,11
68,How do I girl girl's attention with a story? ,1,9
69,"Women who have been married young had kids and divorced, how did that affect your dating life later on? ",1,19
71,What's your view on talking to friends about details of your relationship? ,1,12
72,Describe a nightmare youve had that seemed very real? ,1,9
73,How have you dealt with critical people in your life? How has their criticism shaped you? ,1,16
74,Describe a nightmare youve had that seemed very real ,1,9
75,Have you ever been with someone who was with you because of a physical attribute? How was your experience? ,1,19
76,Why is there such a stigma around talking about foot long members? ,1,12
77,How do you cope with low self esteem? ,1,8
78,"He lied to his gf about, why do I feel so horrible? ",1,12
79,What kind of shorts are these? ,1,6
80,What is the women orgasm social standard? ,1,7
81,"When you hear politicians and the media discuss ""cancel culture"" what does that mean to you? What are your thoughts and feelings on the phrase and usage? What do those words and that phrase specifically mean in your opinion? Do you feel there is a subtext to the plain text sentiment or a specific bad faith way to utilize it, or read it?",1,63
82,what was the last thing you bought ,1,7
83,Insecure about beginning a relationship !(pls share advices ) ,1,9
84,What if i damaged myself? ,1,5
85,How would you go about teaching your(F) SO to give good handjobs? ,1,12
86,How do I tell my best friend shes a drag to be around because of a guy she hasnt been able to get over for two years? ,1,27
87,I ( M) am about to enter my first relationship with the girl of my dreams (F). How can I be a good boyfriend? ,1,24
88,"Women who don't smoke but are dating people who are, how do you cope with that ? ",1,17
89,How do you talk about health in your relationship? ,1,9
90,Where can I improve ownself and not be homophobic? I am sorry for hurting anyone. :( ,1,16
91,"Have you ever struggled to orgasm with a partner? And if so, how did you overcome it? ",1,17
92,"When a romantic relationship began to feel more like a friendship, how did you know whether it was best to end the romantic relationship or to work on it? ",1,29
93,How to deal with the taboo around salary ,1,8
94,"Those of you have gotten married, what was your favorite part of your wedding? ",1,14
95,What is your typical everyday makeup look? ,1,7
96,How To Make Easy Money Online With Just $ ,1,9
97," years old, never had a relationship, is it too late to share my life with someone? ",1,16
98,"Women of reddit, what do you think of having a baby out of wedlock? ",1,14
99,"How to cope with feelings of hating how society sexualizes women, while also liking to feel sexual and desired? ",1,19
0,Have you ever been love bombed before? If so how do you deal with it without seeming like a mean person? ,1,21
1,"Women who have been married young and divorced, how did that affect your dating life later on? ",1,17
2,Why Do Women Friendzone Nice and Intelligent Guys? ,1,8
3,"To those who feel that they are lost with their lives especially when you're in mid s, how did you get back on track? ",1,24
4,Would you consider marrying someone who had a  the one that got away ? ,1,14
5,What would you consider as a good investment if you manage to free up some money? ,1,16
6,How do you tell your person you love them ? ,1,10
7,"Women who have been through a rough patch with their significant other, how did you successfully get through it ??? ",1,20
8,Have you ever started to love someone after the first date? How was your experience? ,1,15
9,Sharing my Weak arms  who can help a kid out? ,1,10
10,Women of reddit: Can you tell me whether or not you hold on to pornographic images of your ex(es)? ,1,19
11,"Ladies, how do you stop fear of failure and lack of self-esteem from ruining your dreams? ",1,16
12,Does plastic surgery negatively affect how you see a guy? ,1,10
13,"Ladies, how is the pandemic effecting you these days? Work, family, mental health, etc? Curious to know how the pandemic is still effecting people nowadays!",1,25
14,"Feminist women with a traditional MIL, how do you cope? ",1,10
15,Does anybody else's mom keep asking if they'd eaten AND what they've eaten? ,1,13
16,"Whom do you prefer, nice guys or bad boys? ",1,9
17,describe if is it normal for a woman to have a long/loose labia at rest before intercourse? ,1,17
18,How was your first time receiving oral? How did it compare to nasturbating? ,1,13
19,How to get rid of naturally rosy cheeks? ,1,8
20,What have i missed? ,1,4
21,How do you ladies get a guy to chase you? ,1,10
22,When woman's lie for the better..Or not ,1,7
24,What do you think about a friend of yours who asks how your mental health is? ,1,16
25,"Recently my childhood bestie admitted that she's had a crush on me for a while and now when I'm making a move she's backing out , What do I do now ? Cause I've had a big crush on her as well ? ",1,43
26,"Ladies, have you ever suffered from Oral Insecurity? If so, how did you get over it? ",1,16
27,"For ladies, when you have a boyfriend but he is already have a own home, also a stable job, and he asked for propose, what do you think ? ",1,29
28,"Those of you who stayed friends with an ex, how did you do it? How did the break up happen, how did the first phase after breakup look, how long did you need before a friendship could work? ",1,38
29,Where can i find a good sportsbra with size DD ,1,10
30,How do you deal with not receiving the same amount of importance/friendship/love from people who you think are important/friends/loved by you? ,1,21
31,Deacribe how my girlfriend has fears about getting pregnant ,1,9
32,How would you ask an unreadable man out? ,1,8
33,What do you do about Intrusive Thoughts? ,1,7
34,"What's a subtle facial cue that tells you ""I want you?"" With the same effect as a woman biting her lip? Can men bite their lips too or is that too feminine? ",1,32
35,Describe your struggles to have female friends/co workers? ,1,8
36,What are some things you learned about pregnancy and the months after that you did not know about or expect before? ,1,21
37,What are some period tracking apps that don't require a subscription? ,1,11
38,"Married women, how would you describe your relationship with your in-laws? ",1,11
39,Whats something gross most women do that would surprise men? ,1,10
40,"What is your beauty routine? What things do you do daily weekly or monthly to feel beautiful, feminine and healthy?",1,20
41,I dont know what to say about their lost... ,1,9
42,"Have any of you started stretching at a late age and become successfully extremely flexible, if so, how? ",1,18
43,"How would you rank the following in importance: family, career, love life? ",1,12
44,how often can irregular periods occur ,1,6
45,How to get a non awkward Platonic relationship? ,1,8
46,When is a guy boring/unsuccessful? ,1,5
47,"What are your thoughts on the name ""Kim""? ",1,8
48,How would you feel if you saw a guys thongs panty line through his pants/shorts? ,1,15
49,what do I do? ,1,4
50,"If you had to choose your spouse based on just one question, what question would you ask? ",1,17
51,"Have you ever been considered too nice? If so, how did you fix it? ",1,14
52,Women with a copper IUD what has your experience been like/would you recommend it? ,1,14
53,"Women, how do you avoid being clingy in a relationship? ",1,10
54,How do you shave your pubes? ,1,6
55,How do you cope with sadness? ,1,6
56,What are some ways to get rid of the pain from a UTI? ,1,13
57,When you See your husband looking at other women.. is this normal? ,1,12
58,"If you could have your own gym at home, what equipment would be in it and how would you decorate it? ",1,21
59,"How, and should I tell my crush I like her after this? ",1,12
60,Why do I fall in love with people who I havent even talked to? ,1,14
61,"Catch significant other looking at another woman , what do You do? ",1,12
62,What do you do when you see your spouse staring at another woman? ,1,13
63,you share distressing news with your friends and they dont seem to either care or really nonchalant about it. are they really your friends??? ,1,24
64,What's your honest opinion on /r/FemaleDatingStrategy? ,1,6
65,What is my fault? ,1,4
66,Who is the most misogynist person you've met? ,1,8
67,share your BV and sex experience ,1,6
68,Women of Reddit: Would you date a man who is not sexually attracted to you? ,1,15
69,Do you find men who look like this attractive? ,1,9
70,Hello women of Reddit! What is the best and most original pick up line youve ever heard? What is the best and most original pick up line youve ever heard,1,30
71,"Women of reddit if your SO has problems going on in life, do y'all prefer we open up to you, or we handle our problems ourselves and why? ",1,28
72,How do you actually become content with being single if you lack friends and a pretty face and you struggle with severe depression? ,1,23
73,What are things you do to be taken seriously in a male dominated industry? ,1,14
74,What is your favorite brand of jeans? I need to pants for work (teacher with a lax dress code). I cant seem to find a brand I actually really feel good in,1,32
75,Describe how you would feel if you found your out something about your bestie but she doesnt know. ,1,18
76,"How comfortable are you with being in places with a history of violence and/or that may be ""haunted"" in some fashion? From staying a night at a haunted hotel to moving into a house where people have been murdered or supernatural things have been reported, where do you draw the line?",1,51
77,Women of Reddit: what would you do? Tell me if you have a similar experience. ,1,15
78,What makes women charismatic? ,1,4
79,"Ladies that came from very controlling, patriarichal and toxic households from which you couldn't leave right away, what did you do to cope? How are you now? ",1,27
80,Is taking one trip just a guy thing or do you guys do it too? Do you get frustrated when there are too many items too take only one trip? ,1,30
81,My upstairs neighbor listening whenever I jerk off. What do I make of this situation? ,1,15
82,How do you know if it is a relationship worth pursuing? ,1,11
83,Anybody know a subreddit/website/app where you can harmlessly flirt? ,1,9
84,"Ladies, as a male I can never understand the  day repetition yall have to go through so I was curious, what is the most realistic portrayal in movies or TV of that? ",1,32
85,"What to do, sex life ",1,5
86,Why cant I feel anything during sex or sexual activity? ,1,10
87,"Answer honestly, How do like Beta guys? [deleted]",1,8
88,"What are gifts you'd love to receive, but do not want to ask from your SO? ",1,16
89,Have you ever started a relationship with someone who you believed was too good for or better than you? What advice do you have to overcome this? ,1,27
90,"How long does it hurt after losing your virginity? Ladiessss, I lost my v card yesterday. Pain was bearable but Im definitely feeling it today. How long will this last  how long did it last for you?",1,37
91,"Those of you who have had cosmetic surgery, how did you find your doctor? ",1,14
92,What would you want to know from a Tarot Reader ,1,10
93,Why does too much money make you reject that person you're dating? ,1,12
94,How often do you experience deja vu ,1,7
95,"Women who grew up in the s or s, what was it like? ",1,13
96,What are some workplace lessons you learned the hard way? How did you learn?,1,14
98,How come Asian men are often seen as less attractive than men from other races? ,1,15
99,Share your experience of being in a situationship ,1,8
0,Don't know how to express love for my gf ,1,9
1,How come Asian men are seen as inferior (in terms of attractiveness) to men of other races? ,1,17
2,"Women of color, what products do you use to lighten dark spots/acne scars on your skin? ",1,16
3,"Straight women who's partner is/was way to ""gifted"". How did you learn/ train for it? ",1,15
4,"How would my  inch... fair in the bedroom? Hi, I'm genuinely curious, would a  and a half or so inch dick be enough to satisfy? I'd say it's closer to  but it's still .",1,34
5,How do you mentally prepare for a potential breakup? ,1,9
6,Nipple piercings: describe if they were worth it or not? ,1,10
7,Early menstruation after Biden inauguration? ,1,5
8,Is losing your virginity as a female as bloody and painful as it's made out to be? What was it really like? ,1,22
9,I grew my hair out but I have no idea how to take care of it. What products do you guys use? ,1,22
10,Thoughts? Possibility? how? ,1,3
11,"Ladies who got back together with an ex, how did things end up in the long run? ",1,17
12,I need advice for what to do when youre angry with someone and need to let it go. ,1,18
13,Have you had an issue with a parent refusing to accept that you live far away from them? How did you deal with that? ,1,24
14,How to... Choke...? ,1,3
15,What is an unexplainable memory from your childhood? ,1,8
16,"Ladies, how does your partner make you feel desired? ",1,9
17,What does it mean when my partner becomes to sensitive to continue sex? ,1,13
18,Who is your favorite all girl/women music group and why? ,1,10
19,How to ask a girl you like for her address to send her a gift? ,1,15
20,How do you begin to reinvest in yourself after dating? ,1,10
21,How do I become a better friend? ,1,7
22,"A hook up cheated on his wife with me, now he's on Tinder again and she's pregnant. Should I contact her? ",1,21
23,Whats the ultimate turn of for you girls? Like what gives you the Ick straight away? ,1,16
24,"Women of reddit, what is the one thing in this world you want most? ",1,14
25,What can men do to be more attractive even if they aren't? ,1,12
26,"Does anyone else do this thing where they daydream about names theyd like to give their kids when the time comes? If so, what are they? ",1,26
27,What good products are out there that can lighten up dark down there areas? ,1,14
28,How do you feel about non-traditional masculinity? ,1,7
29,Where are we on the question of chest hair and body hair in general? ,1,14
30,"In your opinion, would the actions of my cousin constitute misogyny or toxic masculinity, and if so, why? ",1,18
31,Describe someone you met that was an imposter and how you realized they were lying. ,1,15
32,"Asked crush out before christmas (M , f), she said yes, but couldn't meet on the date i set because of distancing a few days before flying to family, and now she's back, don't know what to do. HELP WANTED! ",1,40
33,Whats your favorite thing about your car? ,1,7
34,What's your go to daydream? ,1,5
35,Unmarried ladies in your s with no children: what is your life like and do you have any regrets? ,1,19
36,How do you feel about having anal sex? ,1,8
37,"What are some things that indicated you to leave a negative or constrained relationship? Things like a lack of respect, cyclical problems, characteristics etc.",1,24
38,How to deal with possibly losing a parent? ,1,8
39,Lady in red ,1,3
40,"gals of reddit, Describe what youre insecure of but also embrace ",1,11
41,How do I properly take care of curly hair? ,1,9
42,How do yous cope with being single for lomg periods? ,1,10
43,Accidentally liking an old photo of a crush on FB when drunk ,1,12
44,How do you find an OBGYN that's right for you? ,1,10
45,Survivors of abuse - what is your experience with unconditional love? ,1,11
46,"Nail techs, how often do women come in for a pedicure with hairy/stubble legs? Mine is off the chain right now and im embarrassed haha",1,25
47,What do you consider red flags from a potential employer when searching for a job? ,1,15
48,Women of reddit. Most of us know the feeling of pain when taking down a ponytail. What is another feeling that is both really horrible and gives you a sigh of relief? Physical or mental. ,1,35
49,I accidentally liked one of my crush's old photos on FB when I was drunk. ,1,15
50,What is the next BIG THING in your work industry ? ,1,11
51,She told me she is a virgin...but is the telling the truth? How can I know if this is a red flag or not? ,1,24
52,What is the best job you got as a women without a degree? I feel as though there are more options for men! Let me know ladies !,1,28
53,Arguments with wife ,1,3
54,"This is how my sister became anemic due to heavy periods without realizing it. Things got pretty bad for her, she has finally recovered and want to share her experience with other women ",1,33
55,Why do women mastubrate less compared to men? ,1,8
56,"Have you ever secretly mastubrated in a public place, if yes then how? ",1,13
57,What has been your most guilty mastubration session?! ,1,8
58,Im a naturally anxious person who hardly opens but when i do i feel like my friends either dont care or take me seriously. i get a little sad but never ask them about it. is that normal or are they shitty friends. them my dad threatened to kill me a few weeks and they were nonchalant about it ,1,59
59,Im a naturally anxious person who hardly opens but when i do i feel like my friends either dont care or take me seriously. i get a little sad but never ask them about it. is that normal or are they shitty friends. ,1,43
60,Would you stay friends with a friend who cheated on their partner? ,1,12
61,Does you really like men's ass? I mean do you take it in consider when u value the attractive of a guy? ,1,22
62,Ex-wife...I am not sure what her goal is? ,1,8
63,"From an ethical standpoint, should the Mexico City Policy - that prohibits U.S funding for nongovernmental groups that provide or refer patients for abortions, be reversed? And what is your reasoning behind it? ",1,33
64,My friend has had someone look at her through a window in her bedroom and has been more fearful of them and going outside. How can I help her as a guy? ,1,32
65,What are some of the creepiest things other women have said to you? ,1,13
66,I met a girl who told me guys should open up and assured me I was safe to open up but she spit it back in my face ,1,28
67,Can anyone share experience with Armpit fat/bra bulge removal? ,1,9
68,How did you decide when or if you want to have children? ,1,12
69,"You are tasked with the global responsibility of defining inalienable human rights. What are those rights? Feel free to answer in whatever format you feel works best- list, broad outline, whatever. Kinda just curious where different people draw that line.",1,40
70,What are some oddly specific things for you which men do that makes you not trust them? ,1,17
71,What the truth is no different than dodging a bullet. ,1,10
72,Whats your skincare routine/products? (UK) ,1,5
73,"Share: Independent Women, is/was it hard to find someone? ",1,9
74,Share my crazy mind over a simple flirt with my first crush in Elementary School ,1,15
75,"What is the most intimate, non-sex thing you do with your SO? ",1,12
76,Have you ever wished you trusted your gut about something? What happened? ,1,12
77,Why is Asos Collusion bad quality? Hello ladies what is your opinion/experience with the Collusion brand? I keep hearing good stuff about it,1,23
78,Why Asos Collusion is bad quality ,1,6
79,How much does the fact that your date is a drinker or a teetotaller matters to you? ,1,17
80,How do you handle your toxic in-laws? ,1,7
81,what should I do ,1,4
82,"What is your experience of clicking with someone online, but when you meet them in person its so awkward? ",1,19
83,What is a mother's love like? ,1,6
84,How did you finally become an adult and stand up for your own self interest? ,1,15
85,"Have you clicked with someone online, but it was awkward when you met in person? ",1,15
86,"Have you ever clicked with a person online, but when you met in person it was awkward ",1,17
87,Do women get aroused when they feel intimidated/dominated? share ,1,9
88,Should I break up with my boyfriend when weve been together for  years? ,1,13
89,What do you find the most confusing about the opposite sex? ,1,11
90,How would you feel if you had a short son? ,1,10
91,"Since nearly % of gamers are women, what are your favorite games to play? ",1,14
92,Why are women always into douchebags? ,1,6
93,Response when your brother said he loves you ,1,8
94,Is it weird that someone calls me their best friend and I don't consider them mine? What did you do about it? ,1,22
95,"What was the worst date that youve ever been on?  heard a lot of stories from men, now l wanna hear it from women.",1,24
96,Why is it whenever I ask men to rate the way I look they usually refer to me as good looking/handsome/above average. Whereas when I ask women they usually say decent or average? ,1,33
97,"Kids/adults of divorced parents that remained close, how did that affect you? ",1,12
98,When do you start getting pregnancy symptoms? ,1,7
99,"What to do when you only want a friend, nothing romantic? ",1,11
0,Do women get aroused by dominant/intimidating guys? share ,1,8
1,Do men call you a man online? Why would they do that? ,1,12
2,"Share your thoughts on what you would do if someone accidentally gave you too much money? So

If someone gave you too much money by accident or they overpaid you,  would you let them know or just keep it quiet?

Honestly",1,41
3,What makes you an independent woman? ,1,6
4,What is something you do when no one is looking? ,1,10
5,What do you normally wear when your home alone? ,1,9
6,Why did my Ex Fianc ask me to be friends. ,1,10
7,"Dude here, what can I get for my girlfriend to help her with period cramps? ",1,15
8,when and why you last cried ? ,1,7
10,"Girl dad here... what are some tips you can share that you wish your dad knew/did with you growing up? My little girl is only  months old, but I want to be the best Dad to her that I possibly can be!",1,42
11,Do women get aroused by dominant/intimidating men? share ,1,8
12,Who is Burnt Out and Struggling? ,1,6
13,Who is a fuckboi according to most of you? ,1,9
14,Describe the size of your breast buds and if they correlated to the eventual size of your breasts? ,1,18
15,How do you prefer men handle awkward moments during sex? ,1,10
16,How I can change myself? ,1,5
17,"Women with dark inner thighs, How did you get rid of it? What effective ways you have tried and tested that brighten that area?",1,24
18,Why do I suddenly have an urge to fight people? Is this normal? ,1,13
19,how do you feel during the period? ,1,7
20,What is the best female cover of a male sung hit song? I've got many....,1,15
21,What is the Best female cover of a male sung song ,1,11
22,What is more important to you in a romantic partner - success/ambition or looks? ,1,14
23,Get in where the getting is good ,1,7
26,"Ladies, what are some insecurities that drag you down as much as a man who's shy with women. ",1,18
27,"How did someone other than your partner at the time, make you blush? an What type of flirting is the most flattering for you? ",1,24
28,"Women who are attracted to men that roast them and debate a lot with people, why? Redirect me if this the wrong sub. I need to know why.",1,28
29,What frequency for texting is the best for developing a relationship? ,1,11
30,Do women become aroused by dominant/intimidating men? share ,1,8
31,"How do women/girlfriends feel and respond to their husbands/partners working with many women, travelling with them for professional reasons and working on projects together? ",1,24
32,Who else feels very afraid walking alone at night? ,1,9
33,Share your honest opinion about the phrase bald men are sexy. ,1,11
34,How do I stop being insecure about my girlfriend's past? ,1,10
35,How do women feel about husband/partner working with other women? ,1,10
36,What the hell am I supposed to do besides use technology? ,1,11
37,What is this smell? ,1,4
38,Do women like male feminine moans? Also what you think? ,1,10
39,What should I do? (relationship) ,1,5
40,How would you like to be approached by a guy whom you never knew before? ,1,15
41,NSFW who would let their daughter eat them out? dm me if you have story or wanna talk about it,1,20
42,"This, **which** is not up for ... is just facts: At : into this video, the UFC girl in the background looks away so as to not make it blatantly obvious that she wants Conor's peepee in and around her mouth. She wants that D, and this is not up for debate. Facts are facts. I'll post the video link ",1,60
43,Hooked up with a Friend Recently and Not sure if She wants to be Friends with Benefits. What to do? ,1,20
44,"Can I gift a chocolate basket to a ""newly-nursing"" mother? ",1,10
45,"If money wasnt an issue, what company do you think would be fun to work at? ",1,16
46,Struggle to stay wet even when I'm horny ,1,8
47,What does it feel like to grow up with a parent/parents who had practically no friends? ,1,16
48,I dont know where to seek feedback / opinions / thoughts on a reproductive rights. ,1,15
49,How do I stop feeling like a pathetic loser when Im the only single person out of all my friends? ,1,20
50,"Dear women, when did you realize that you were falling out of love? When did you realize that you were falling out of love with your long-term SO? What triggered the thought? Did the love ever come back?",1,38
51,How to know if a girlfriend is enjoying sex with you? ,1,11
52,I need help with acne! Anyone who can give suggestions would be appreciated!! ,1,13
53,When would you use the Im taken excuse (when youre not) to reject anothers advances? ,1,15
54,Would you ever lie that youre seeing somebody to reject anothers advances if this is someone which you will see often/are in the same circles as? ,1,26
55,What are your initial thoughts when you see someone post a thirst trap? ,1,13
56,Why does my wife do this? ,1,6
57,[F] How can I break free from the sexual standards society places on women? ,1,14
58,"How do you cope to the feeling of always being the second? It could be in family, group of friends, work, etc ",1,22
59,Im pregnant what do I do? ,1,6
60,Why is my friend ghosting me after a traumatic incident ,1,10
61,How to support a husband with a porn addiction ,1,9
62,when did you know a friendship was coming to an end?? ,1,11
63,Just...how? ,1,1
64,Whats the weirdest thing a guy has done to get your attention? ,1,12
65,Why did some thing came out of my vag...? Kinda gross ,1,11
66,What are your initial thoughts when seeing a fit guy post a thirst trap? ,1,14
67,What is the most unusual fear you have? ,1,8
68,Do you only share your Snapchat to guys your attracted to? ,1,11
69,How would you feel about a subreddit specifically featuring real women over  and their beauty? ,1,15
70,"When watching the bachelor, do you feel like a loser? ",1,10
71,Why is it hard to get affection from men in relationships? Are women more likely to want to give or receive affection in relationships in general? ,1,26
72,"How do you treat gestures (coming from men during a date) such as opening a car for for you, pulling a chair, helping you to get a coat on, etc? ",1,30
73,How to get over a breakup ,1,6
74,"Women of USA/Canada how do you treat gestures (coming from men during a date) such as pulling a chair, opening a car door, helping to get a coat on, etc? ",1,30
75,"Asking as a man, was getting an abortion the correct thing you did? Describe what you thought What was your thought process?",1,22
76,Do couples who show off their relationship on social media have stronger relationships than those who dont? Or weaker? ,1,19
77,Who else gets tired of having to wash their hair all the time? Like my brother can shower in  minute but it takes me - minutes minimum ,1,27
78,What is your primary period tool of choice? ,1,8
79,"Which is your ability to read people, learned or innate? ",1,10
80,"Those who wrestled in school, what was it like to wrestle as a girl? ",1,14
81,What do you think when you see an unattractive guy going to the gym and improving himself in other ways with the goal of attracting women ,1,26
82,Share Advice about IUD Insertion ,1,5
83,"Would you consider it strange if a male friend (platonic) were to buy you a bath bomb set as a gift and if so, why? ",1,25
84,How to deal with period cramps? ,1,6
85,"This is kind of a controversial question concerning politics, but this applies to women who had voted for Donald Trump. How do you feel about your vote for him? Did you vote for him in , in , or both? I have two separate questions below. ",1,46
86,What do you think about a men with  inches? ,1,9
87,How should I approach my bff/roomate? ,1,6
88,How do you deal with leg cramps during your period? ,1,10
89,"If You Could Star In A Movie, What Movie Would It Be? ",1,12
90,"Could anyone share or recommend online help, please? Urgent. ",1,9
91,How to move forward from a financially abusive relationship? ,1,9
92,How much time do you spend after a breakup before seriously dating someone new? ,1,14
93,Weird question. Does anyone else get worse pain in old injuries when on your period? ,1,15
94,"Ladies of Reddit, in your opinion what some physical and personality traits that you find unattractive in guys? And also what traits would you find attractive, in your opinion? ",1,29
95,What is something that you purposely hide from your significant other? ,1,11
96,When to worry about pregnancy ,1,5
97,What is your fatal flaw? ,1,5
98,What are some valuable things you've learned in therapy? ,1,9
99,What piece of advice would you give to someone about to enter their s that you wish you'd have been given? ,1,21
0,New job - isolated by coworkers who ignore me/dont like me ,1,11
1,Single by choice women: What made you realize that you actually prefer being single and live alone? ,1,17
2,"Have you ever written a carefrontation letter? If so, to whom? Have you ever written a carefrontation letter? 
If so, (and if you feel comfortable) to whom?
And how did it go?",1,32
3,"How do you deal with, or recover from, being taught you need to earn love? ",1,15
4,Why do I have a problem with tank tops sliding down? ,1,11
5,"Women of Reddit, what are some good Valentines Day gift ideas for my girlfriend? ",1,14
6,"Dear women, what's the biggest turn off? ",1,7
7,"Women who have used menstrual cups, I have a question for you... ",1,12
8,What do you absolutely not feel guilty about? ,1,8
9,"Women who have been in any form of an abusive relationship, how long did it take you to stop thinking about your perpetrator on a daily basis? What helped you get past that? ",1,33
10,How do I explain to my niece about the possibility of her having to compete with boys in sports going forward and make her understand that is fair? ,1,28
11,"Mothers, is there anything, anything at all, that you would trade your children for? What would that be? ",1,18
12,What are some hobbies that you find attractive? ,1,8
13,how do you become pretty in society's eyes? ,1,8
14,Describe a non-biological maternal figure who greatly impacted your life? ,1,10
15,Wild Scenario. What is this girl (/f) thinking and what should I (/m) do? ,1,14
16,"When planning a baby shower for a friend, would you use a web app to search for the games to play at the event? ",1,24
17,"How can i buy a dildo if i'm underage, live with my parents and cant go to a store alone and don't have an adult that i trust enough to ask to buy me a dildo? help lol ",1,38
18,what do you guys think about inner goddess energy ,1,9
19,What is your favorite place to get ice cream? ,1,9
20,"When planning a baby shower for a friend, would you use a web app to search for games to play at the event? ",1,23
21,where can i find cute bras in smaller sizes? (C) ,1,10
22,"How to tell if someone likes you? How do you people notice, if someone likes you and how would you approach them?",1,22
23,How to tell if someone likes you ,1,7
24,Does size matter? (for all the women on here)who ,1,9
25,"To the women who have breast implants or have undergone breast augmentation, what are the pros and cons based on your experience? ",1,22
26,"Do you prefer to get your brows professionally waxed or threaded? What factors do you take into account in that decision? Not at-home, but at a salon.",1,27
27,"Boobs always sore and full week before period, but not after miscarrying  months ago. Anyone have insight as to why, and if I should be concerned about a hormonal imbalance? ",1,30
28,"No practical answers; What is the most lavish, unusual, just purely indulgent thing you would buy or do if you won a billion dollars? ",1,24
29,Do women find a guy attractive who not strong (details in description)? ,1,12
30,What did your past relationships taught you? ,1,7
31,Having a partner whos more sexual than you ,1,8
32,What is something that has been bothering you lately? ,1,9
33,Would you ever reject someone's advances by lying that you're in a relationship when they are someone you're close with? ,1,20
34,"Opinions on the sexualisation of women in music videos? Its for a school project , what are your thoughts ",1,19
35,What's your scariest story of being watched by some paranormal entity that you'll never forget? ,1,15
36,How soon do you want to hear back after a first date? And do you feel about parting ways with a hug? ,1,22
37,What does moving on mean to you? ,1,7
38,google.com stop now why help ,1,5
39,How do you maintain faith that youll find someone better for you after a breakup if there werent hard feelings but it wasnt mutual? Asking for a friend. (That friend is me.),1,32
40,Copper iud and early period? Can anyone share any insight of what may be happening? ,1,15
41,"If a guy tried to kidnap you because he likes you so much, would you press charges ? why ",1,19
42,I am starting to see red flags in my (F) friends (M) relationship with his girlfriend (F) is it over stepping to have a conversation with her? ,1,27
43,Does it bother you when male friends talk about other women? ,1,11
44,Why am i unable to wash my girlfriend's underwear even though it smells funny? ,1,14
45,How did you learn to stop being insecure in romantic relationships? ,1,11
46,Kissing a man with a mustache. Yay or Nay? And why? ,1,11
47,What do women think of kissing men with mustaches? Yay or Nay? Why do you like it/ not like it? ,1,20
48,What are the ways to have a smaller waist? ,1,9
49,What would you do? ,1,4
50,Why would someone sayYoure so photogenic! Is this a backhanded compliment?! ,1,11
51,"As a woman with big keloid scar on the chest, how do you stop feeling worthless and ugly because of unusual flaws? ",1,22
52,Why do women love gay men so much? ,1,8
53,How many pillows on a man's bed? ,1,7
54,"Can you share a moment you realized, because you changed or grew so much from your life experiences, that you outgrew your friends or partner? ",1,25
55,You know how some people change or grow a lot over time? Was there a moment when you realized you outgrew your friends or partner because of that? ,1,28
56,When do you stop trying for a happily ever after? ,1,10
57,What am I doing wrong with probiotics? ,1,7
58,What are some more realistic depictions of first-time sex in film and TV? ,1,13
59,What's is wifey material? ,1,4
60,"Women of Reddit, how did you cope with feeling old when your ex moved on to someone younger? ",1,18
61,Is it normal to release a substantial amount of pee to release when orgasming? ,1,14
62,How do you cope with a partner being unemployed long term? ,1,11
63,What do i do - period stained trousers at work ,1,10
64,Why do women always say they want to feel safe and protected by their man? ,1,15
65,"People that have respiratory issues and have had COVID-, how much worse was it for you than other people? ",1,19
66,How can women be more direct at work without co-workers seeing it as aggression? ,1,14
67,"Women of Reddit, what advice would you give to teen girls that you wish you knew at that age? ",1,19
68,How often should I get a Pap smear? Is it wrong to not go get a yearly pelvic exam/pap smear? ,1,20
69,Why do you hate short men? ,1,6
70,How do you deal with the fact that your parents are getting older and sicker? ,1,15
71,How long should I wait to message back? Does messaging back right away make us seem desperate or does taking too long make you lose interest romantically and in just platonic friendships?,1,32
72,Would you prefer to have a FaceTime chat before a first date? Why or why not? ,1,16
73,"What are some of the best, most affordable workout accessories for at-home workouts that you love? Things like resistance bands, adjustable dumbbells, etc.?",1,23
74,Women who have kids and didn't want to how do you deal with reconciling those conflicting emotions? ,1,17
75,Which Myth/Reality? First time sex cause bleeding.,1,7
76,Which Myth / Reality ,1,4
77,How to salvage a relationship while taking a break/pause? ,1,9
78,Figuring out a morning routine where I dont get nauseous. ,1,10
79,How to salvage a relationship while taking a break/pause ,1,9
80,Has anyone ever been through something like this? I need to share this ,1,13
82,Tell me about a time you felt like a badass ,1,10
83,"sorry for asking what might be the obvious, I feel like only girls between - avoiding me very quickly in the public settings such as supermarket. what is the reason? ",1,30
84,Whose used plan b during ovulation? ,1,6
85,Does your partner/spouse have the same habit(s) as one of your parents? What is it? ,1,15
86,I was diagnosed with pcos when I was . ,1,9
87,Why do or don't you prefer partners with ambition? ,1,9
88,Is overweight the new normal? And normal the new skinny? What is your opinion? ,1,14
89,"Girls who used to write fanfiction and watch anime in middle school/high school, what did you grow up to be like? ",1,21
90,I have dual citizenship: Should I live in Canada or the US? What are your opinions? ,1,16
91,"Would you be willing to be married to a gay man, why or why not? ",1,15
92,What would you want me to do next? [Relationship] (M) and (F) ,1,12
93,Whats your reason for not wanting kids? ,1,7
94,Why do or why don't you prefer men with ambition? ,1,10
95,"Females needed for a research study on ""how working from home effects an individual during covid "" ",1,17
97,How do you avoid feeling neglected when your SO is working a ton and doesnt have a lot of energy to spend time together? ,1,24
98,What to do with birthday present blues ,1,7
99,What do you wish men (or women) did more often? ,1,10
0,How would you feel about dating someone who is in an open relationship? ,1,13
1,What are your thoughts on your MIL? How would you describe your relationship with your mother in law and how do you feel about that?,1,25
2,What tweezers do you use? ,1,5
3,What do women in s do for birth control? ,1,9
4,Curious what women in s do for birth control other than IUD ,1,12
5,At what age did you start seriously considering/ dating for marriage? ,1,11
6,Women of reddit how did you journey to self discovery and love begin? ,1,13
7,Why wont my mom (F) stop trying to get me (F) to be more like her and constantly criticize me. ,1,20
8,"The first of my good friends just got engaged, what should I send her? ",1,14
9,"Hello , I(M) would like to know what has been the most significant reasons youve broken up with past partners ? ",1,21
10,How do you shave your vulva? ,1,6
11,"How do you feel about lying to your s/o during an arguement to get potentially hidden infornation put of him. ""Like saying hes told ypu about something he didnt"" to see if he admits to it ",1,36
12,How would you feel if your fiance asked for a prenup? ,1,11
13,"Women of Reddit, have you ever had an issue with disrespectful coworkers at work? What did you do about it and how did the situation play out? ",1,27
14,"Hello Women of this sub, I(M) would like to know what has been the most significant reasons youve broken up with past BFs? ",1,23
15,No really how is it ,1,5
16,How Good Relationships Accelerate Our Growth? ,1,6
17,"Women who earn significantly more/more business-oriented than your significant other, what attracted you to him, and how would you describe the overall relationship? ",1,23
18,What made you realize you werent going to marry your partner? ,1,11
20,Why can't men and women be just friends? ,1,8
21,What do you do when you go home with someone you met while out? ,1,14
22,How and what age did you find out you had ADHD or ADD? ,1,13
23,What are some ways to know if a girl is on her period? ,1,13
24,"What do think of someone being open, direct and clear with their intentions? ",1,13
25,What makes you differentiate a Man from a Boy? ,1,9
26,What makes you differentiate a Man from a Boy ,1,9
27,"If women enjoy sex as much as guys, then why is there the stereotype that women use sex as a reward for their partner, rather than to satisfy any personal need? ",1,31
28,"Women who efeel so ticklish while being eaten out that your reflex is to get up, how do you cope? ",1,20
29,"What you have been asked to do sexually by your partner, and you said no? ",1,15
30,What is your favourite perfume and why? ,1,7
31,I told his girlfriend he was cheating on her for a year with me. I feel guilty. Why do I? Was it the wrong thing to do? ,1,27
32,Why is it weird to ask someone to tickle your feet? ,1,11
33,"Ladies, what would you say is the most important thing you will learn on the journey to self love? ",1,19
34,"Are you ever bothered when your SO touches, fondles, caresses or plays with your belly fat, scars, or other body imperfections? If so, how do you get over the impulse to jump or push them away when it happens? ",1,39
35,"Ladies, what would you say was the most important lesson when on the journey of self love. ",1,17
36,"Ladies, what advice do you have for a woman who is learning to love herself with her flaws? ",1,18
37,How common is it for women to be attracted to femininity/youth in their SO? ,1,14
38,What is the sweetest thing your SO has ever written in a birthday or anniversary card? ,1,16
39,What's the closest you've ever been to being homeless? ,1,9
40,"When is it ok to have sex? Im , is it too early?",1,13
41,"What do you think about a . man? Hello everyone, I'm just curious, have a nice day :)",1,18
42,"Women in relationships, how do you stop thinking that you ""can do better"" when it comes to your partner? ",1,19
43,Is it normal to have a lot of period blood when I wipe? ,1,13
44,Is it weird to follow a girl on ig who might have had a crush on me in high school? ,1,20
45,Whats the worst tag line you can think of for a brand that sells tampons? ,1,15
46,Am I the only one who cant masturbate??? ,1,8
47,What should I have done better ,1,6
48,What made you realize that you need to start loving yourself more? ,1,12
49,"Women who chose to be pregnant, why did you choose pregnancy over something like adoption? ",1,15
50,"Hello women, what are your thoughts on sharing a  bedroom apartment with a guy? Any similar experiences? ",1,17
51,Who has read Women Don't Owe You Pretty by Florence Given? ,1,11
52,Do you use your pepper spray to season food when pepper packets are not available? ,1,15
54,"Ladies who juggle so many things at once (work, school, being a mom, etc) what motivates you to keep going even when you feel like youre running on empty? ",1,29
55,"How should guys compliment looks without looking like a catcaller, or a creep? ",1,13
56,"Women who have had a hysterectomy, why did you get one and what changes in your body did you notice afterwards? ",1,21
57,Had argument with s/o and now I dont understand whatsreallyGoingon ,1,10
58,What sexual fantasy were you afraid to admit to your partner and they later were turned on by it when they found out? ,1,23
59,Weird relationship with sex where even if I do want it I dont express it and will turn down my boyfriend. ,1,21
60,How can I be a good wife? ,1,7
61,Women Of Reddit: Have/Did you propose to your boyfriend? And where did the proposal happen? ,1,15
62,"Ladies, I need your advice, how can I heal tore skin after waxing !! ",1,14
63,"When trying to get over someone, how do you know if you should stay single, or get back out there and start dating again? ",1,24
64,A little uncertain as to what I should do ,1,9
65,What do girls do in bathroom before sex? Why do girls always have to go to the bathroom first before sex? They also call it freshening up. What are you doing in there?,1,33
66,"If you don't like the way your partner handle their friendships, is that a legit reason to break it off with them? Why? ",1,23
67,Do I find out if I have a brain aneurysm or not? What do I do? ,1,16
68,What's been the biggest challenge you've faced with dating? How did you overcome it? (if you have),1,17
69,Describe when ir how you realized you were in love with your partner. How did you tell them? ,1,18
70,Describe the first time you realized you were in love with your partner and how you told them. ,1,18
71,What's an interesting job that you have that you would recommend to young adults on a career search? ,1,18
72,How to ask a girl to finger me ,1,8
73,"What makes a man physically attractive, or what makes him attractive enough to catch your eye? Would you suggest a man who doesnt catch your eye still approach you? And how would he go about doing this so as to not make you feel weird, or uncomfortable while making it clear he is interested in you? ",1,56
74,What is your dream car? ,1,5
75,What should I do about a guy I went to middle school with randomly messaged me on fb ,1,18
76,What was a situation where your intuition was soo right? ,1,10
77,"Ladies of reddit, what are your thoughts on multiple orgasms? Natural born gift or learned talent? ",1,16
78,NSFW Do any other women cry after they orgasm? How can i end this never ending cycle? ,1,17
80,Whats the one habit your partner has that no one else would tolerate? ,1,13
81,At what age did you drastically change your apperance? ,1,9
82,What is a good conversation starter that works well in awkward situations? ,1,12
83,What does your partner do that helps you with body image issues? What do they do that helps you feel beautiful ? ,1,22
84,where do you do the majority of your grocery shopping and why? ,1,12
85,Women who use flex-disc/soft disc as a menstrual product: have you ever actually tried having sex with it in? How did it go/what happened? ,1,24
86,What is something you wish you knew before having sex for the first time? ,1,14
87,Why do you uphold the patriarchies value systems? ,1,8
88,What little thing made a shitty day better? ,1,8
89,Need help on what intimacy creams for couples. ,1,8
90,"Ive never known a female who uses reddit irl, are the opinions here only from a very specific group of women and are therefore biased? ",1,25
91,Need help buying an arouser cream for intimate sex with gf when Valentines Day comes. ,1,15
92,Will you date someone who dropped out of school? ,1,9
93,Is it ever ok to hit on a girl at the gym? And when would be a good time? ,1,19
94,When and how to set some boundaries with your mom as an adult ,1,13
95,"When masturbation isn't an option, say while at work or out running errands, and you are suddenly and insatiably horny, how do you calm your urges? ",1,26
96,Why Do Some Women Only Use Guys For Sex Despite Liking Their Personality ,1,13
97,Anxiety related erection issues ,1,4
98,Ladies do you let your man ejaculate on your face? If not why? ,1,13
99,I (m) am confused by this girl (f) I met on Hinge. What do I do? ,1,16
0,Guys says he doesnt know who I am after  dates?! ,1,10
1,What do you think about guys that have rape fantasies and indulge in violent porn? (trigger warning) ,1,17
2,"I get upset/irked about potentially dating a cool guy I met on Tinder, and I don't know why ",1,18
3,My wife would like to speak with a matron of the jewish community. ,1,13
4,Why is it hard to accept that a relationship was abusive/toxic? ,1,11
5,"NFL and college football fans, how do you act when a game is on? ",1,14
6,How much is too different in a relationship? Does being polar opposites ever work out? ,1,15
7,How concerned should I be about my IUD? ,1,8
8,Why am I missing my period with my new copper IUD? ,1,11
9,What is a secret talent you never shown to anybody? ,1,10
10,What does this mean? Advice needed! ,1,6
11,What was the weirdest DM a guy has ever sent you? ,1,11
12,FWB called it off. FWB was my idea and now I feel really sad about it. Why do I feel like this when I know it wasnt going to eventuate into anything? ,1,32
13,How often do girls like being complimented? ,1,7
14,Why do girls crave chocolate on their period? ,1,8
15,Does anyone know whether being on birth control pills get recurrent yeast infections? ,1,13
16,What do i do to make my GF feel better when she is on her period ,1,16
17,Why do all my women friends only want to hang out because their boyfriends cant hangout? I feel like this makes me feel offended? ,1,24
18,"Women who have given birth, did you experience the urge to push? ",1,12
19,"Dear female side of reddit, do you care about guys car? Why are couches like Benz or BMW so attractive? ",1,20
20,Describe why do most girls thirst over skaters (e-boys)? ,1,9
21,"Ladies, what is more intriguing? A guy that is very shy, creative, and quiet.
Or a guy that is adventurous, social, and can get loud at times.",1,27
22,How often do you masturbate? ,1,5
23,Can someone please help me on what to do about my bestfriend of  years ? ,1,15
24,Finding someone who has the same music taste ,1,8
25,How much does hair matter when dating someone? ,1,8
26,How much does a hair matter when dating someone? ,1,9
27,Who has tried those TikTok butt leggings? Are they worth it? ,1,11
28,How is your marriage successful after moving in with your SO before marriage? ,1,13
29,"Whats your go to self care routine? You know, the things you do when your super stressed and need to relax.... ",1,21
30,What about period drinking ,1,4
31,What do you think of mustaches? ,1,6
32,"What do you think of a man with a thick, shamrock mustache? ",1,12
33,"What do you do, when you're in a serious long term relationship, and you keep doing that one thing that you know is going to be a deal breaker in the end? ",1,32
34,How do I shave down there? ,1,6
35,"Which Youtube name for Tarot Reader- Bad Bxtch Witch, Issa Ghetto Witch, or Issa Dope Witch? Or any hip/urban names Youtube name for Tarot Reader- Bad Bxtch Witch, Issa Ghetto Witch, or Issa Dope Witch?
Or any hip/urban names",1,39
36,"Married ladies who dont get along with your mother and father in law, how does it affect your relationship with your SO? ",1,22
38,I think when I use the bathroom I've been wiping the wrong way. My dad had to teach me how to wipe but u see he's a man so I don't think I've been wiping right. ,1,36
39,My only dance experience is shakin that thang in nightclubs occasionally. What kind of easy and fun dance videos/tutorials/online classes are out there? ,1,23
40,Women/Doctors: Whether Pap smears are suppose to hurt afterwards? ,1,9
41,How do you feel about age gap relationships? ,1,8
42,What's the most cliche thing that's ever happened to you? ,1,10
43,How many activities do you do a week? ,1,8
44,Which signs/symptoms of your period do you seem to have that no other woman that you know has experienced? ,1,19
45,What type of Birth control works best for you? ,1,9
46,Question about girlfriend being raped when she was younger? ,1,9
47,"Ladies with an SO, if someone else is interested in you at what point do you let them know about your SO? In other words, if you are in a relationship, and feel someone you talk to often (let's say someone else at work/school/a friend/acquaintance, etc. coming on, at what point do you drop into a conversation or hint about your SO to let them know you're not available and head it off?",1,73
48,"Women who are single by choice, what are your reasons? ",1,10
50,"My partner is very animated when on the phone, but not with me, I worry the problem goes deeper ",1,19
51,How do you filter out emotionally immature people when dating? ,1,10
52,How do you make friends with your male co-workers? ,1,9
53,I (m) want to know how I could possibly find a girl who is particularly gassy? I know this is an odd request ,1,23
54,what do women love in sex ? ,1,7
55,How appropriate is it for a guy to call a girl sister? ,1,12
56,"Older women of reddit, what are some advice you can give to younger women in their s? ",1,17
57,[OPINION] What is the biggest style mistake a man can make? ,1,11
58,Who else hides their body with extremely baggy clothing? What's your story? ,1,12
59,Women who grew up before social media! Do you think that social media affects young girls body images more now? Like didn't magazines push a certain body image as well? Hasn't this always been an issue? ,1,36
60,How to leave the extended family WhatsApp group ,1,8
61,what do women love in sex the first time? or in sex in general ,1,14
62,"Im (F) starting to feel like my boyfriend (M) is just a friend. When I tell him this, he gets devastated but wont do anything to change his behavior ",1,29
64,Is anyone good with comebacks for an irritating guy? ,1,9
65,Why do you/what do you get out of calling a guy gay? ,1,12
66,I Wanna know how to fit in...I'd appreciate anyone who has moved at young age's thoughts/comment ,1,16
68,How do you deal with a parent who invalidates your mental illness just because other people have it worse? ,1,19
69,What is your source of strength? ,1,6
70,What is an at home laser hair removal kit that worked well for you? ,1,14
71,What is something you do for your current partner that you told yourself you would never do when in past relationships? ,1,21
72,As girl starting her s what's the one advice you wish you'd gotten when you were that age? ,1,18
73,Is there someone in your life that you used to be very close to and now no longer speak to? What caused the rift? ,1,24
74,how popular is smash bros among females / non-gamers? (thinking of using it in my tinder bio) ,1,17
75,"How do you deal with being unattractive, lonely, and the worse treatment it comes with? ",1,15
76,How do you deal with being unattractive and single? [deleted],1,10
77,"Married Ladies, how do you feel about wearing a ring that is different or cheaper than your engagement ring or wedding band? ",1,22
78,"If you were recipient of infatuation disguised as a deep love, how did you identify and remedy it? ",1,18
79,"Is ."" small? describe Shit I meant . but I can't edit the title. I wish it were .",1,19
80,Why do girls like my hands? ,1,6
81,How did you deal with your body image issues? ,1,9
82,What do you talk about in therapy when you have nothing to talk about? ,1,14
83,How do you deal with jealousy/control issues when you are years into a long term relationship? ,1,16
84,What is a period like? ,1,5
85,What has been your experience with getting waxed? (Brazilian/Legs) How painful is it? Any tips for first timers? ,1,18
86,"If you could attend university in any major city, which city would you choose? ",1,14
87,I have spent time with her family - times but she hasn't hung around mine why is this? ,1,18
88,What are some EXTREMELY obvious signs you give to a guy that you like him? When I say obviously I mean even a dumbass can pick up on it. ,1,29
89,Where do you find good push up bras?? I have a couple push up bras but I feel like they dont give me as much of a lift as I want. Any recommendations?,1,33
90,Do you play Episode? What are some of your all-time fave stories (and what are they about)? Let's get a chain going so we can all be a little less bored during these COVID times,1,35
91,How exactly do women pick up on a guys vibe? ,1,10
92,"I got a question about bras. did u as a kid (-) wear bras, and if that is normal when a child does that, or am I the only one who finds it weird My sister wheres them and shes - and Im now confused on why? ",1,47
94,"Which were you? Women, are you kinkier now or when you were younger and why do you think you are or were?",1,22
95,What is the weirdest or most uncomfortable thing a man has said to you? ,1,14
96,"Have you ever physically or verbally abused a man . If so why? What is the story, please share .. ",1,20
97,Why Thirsty Thursday ,1,3
98,"[Serious] Please ladies, what are some EXTREMELY obvious signs you give to a guy that you like him? When I say obviously I mean even a dumbass can pick up on it. ",1,32
99,Women what do you think about constantly having to build men up? I am up to listen men's feeling but don't you feel sometimes like we constantly have to nurture them and build them up?,1,35
